the fateful day of President Kennedy's assassination	甘迺迪總統遇刺的災難性的一天
He disguised himself by wearing a false beard.	他粘上假鬍鬚偽裝自己。
These monuments are a vital part of the cultural heritage of South America.	這些紀念碑是南美文化遺產的重要部分。
Would passengers please turn off their mobile phones before the commencement of the flight.	請各位乘客在飛機起飛前關閉手機。
He worked unceasingly for international childrens' charities.	他為國際兒童慈善機構工作，躬行不輟。
a diligent student	用功的學生
the pursuit of happiness	對幸福的追求
The soccer fans indulged their patriotism, waving flags and singing songs.	足球迷搖著旗唱著歌，縱情抒發他們的愛國熱情。
He claimed that he had been deprived of his freedom/rights.	他聲稱本身自由／權利被剝奪。
fashion-conscious teenagers	注重時尚的青少年
There is some discrepancy between the two accounts.	這兩份帳單之間有一些出入。
a pretentious art critic	自以為是的藝術評論家
a precipitous mountain path	陡峭的山路
We were invigorated by our walk.	散步使我們精神煥發。
Unless the oil spill is contained, irreparable damage will be done to the coastline.	除非石油洩漏受到控制，否則會對海岸線造成無可補救的破壞。
a rigid steel and concrete structure	堅固的鋼筋混凝土結構
It's difficult to disentangle hard fact from myth, or truth from lies.	要分清事實與神話、真理與謊言並不是一件容易的事。
no example found
Young and exuberant, he symbolizes Italy's new vitality.	青春年少、意氣風發，他代表了義大利朝氣勃勃的生力軍。
They were being unnecessarily pedantic by insisting that Berry himself, and not his wife, should have made the announcement.	他們太拘泥於形式，堅持要求由貝利本人而不是他妻子來宣佈，這實在沒有必要。
The recent publicity surrounding homelessness has given (a) fresh impetus to the cause.	最近圍繞無家可歸者的宣傳對這項事業是一股新的推動力。
There's a flourishing trade in these kind of items.	這些物品的交易正日益紅火。
a formidable obstacle/task	令人生畏的障礙／任務
Communal riots/disturbances have once again broken out between the two ethnic groups.	兩個種族之間再次爆發了騷亂。
Some of the most disturbed children had witnessed really traumatic things, such as rape and murder.	有些心理極不正常的孩子曾經目睹給他們造成精神創傷的事情，例如強姦和謀殺。
The disease has continued to perplex doctors.	這種疾病仍然困擾著醫生。
I think I must have known subconsciously that something was going on between them.	我想我的潛意識裡一定知道他們之間發生了什麼。
rampant corruption	腐敗猖獗
The actor's work for charity has recently been disparaged in the press as an attempt to get publicity.	該演員爲慈善事業所做的工作近來被報紙說成是想出名。
The writer's aim was to debunk the myth that had grown up around the actress.	作者的目的是為了揭穿圍繞這位女演員的種種傳聞。
