Another problem is erosion of stream banks caused by overgrazing.	另一個問題是過度放牧造成的河岸侵蝕。
They've adopted a baby girl.	他們領養了一個女嬰。
A smooth, dry surface helps the tiles adhere to the wall.	平滑、乾燥的牆面有助於瓷磚黏在牆上。
What an absurd thing to say!	這話多荒唐啊！
He is one of the leading proponents of capital punishment.	他是死刑的主要支持者之一。
In the square in front of the hotel stands a monument to all the people killed in the war.	在那家飯店前的廣場上矗立著紀念所有戰爭死難者的紀念碑。
The evening was very pleasant, albeit a little quiet.	那個夜晚過得非常愉快，儘管有點兒冷清。
We offer you a comprehensive training in all aspects of the business.	我們向你提供這個行業各方面的綜合培訓。
His ill treatment as a child had given him a strong sense of inferiority.	他小時候受到的虐待使他有強烈的自卑感。
Her paintings depict the lives of ordinary people in the last century.	她的畫反映了上個世紀普通人的生活。
Do you think you could contrive something for hanging my clothes on until I can get a wardrobe?	你能設計個東西讓我在買到衣櫃前掛衣服嗎？
Thousands of people came out onto the streets to attest their support for the democratic opposition party.	數以千計的人走到街上，聲援主張民主的反對黨。
These chemicals have a detrimental effect/impact on the environment.	這些化學品對環境有危害。
an avid football fan	狂熱的足球球迷
a vigorous debate	激烈的辯論
The moon is a celestial body.	月亮是天體中的一員。
The accident was the inevitable consequence/result/outcome of carelessness.	這次意外是粗心導致的必然結果。
The government should act to curb tax evasion.	政府應該採取行動抑制逃稅。
Such a large investment inevitably entails some risk.	這樣的钜額投資必然會有一定的風險。
She won the grudging respect of her boss.	她的老闆也不由得敬重她。
After an inauspicious start, Scotland went on to win the match.	蘇格蘭隊開場不順，但後來還是贏了比賽。
Fierce storms have been hampering rescue efforts and there is now little chance of finding more survivors.	猛烈的暴風雨妨礙了救援工作的進行，現在找到更多生還者的希望已經很渺茫了。
Three minutes after the fire started, the house was full of lethal fumes.	起火三分鐘後，房子裡充滿了致命的毒氣。
She's perpetually asking me for money.	她總是向我要錢。
The country roads are quite perilous.	這些鄉間道路很危險。
a hostile crowd	不友善的人群
a prominent Democrat	民主黨的重要人物
pristine new offices	嶄新的辦公室
a city annihilated by an atomic bomb	被原子彈夷為平地的城市
The interviewer probed deep into her private life.	採訪者深入打探她的私生活。
the virtual decimation of the population through influenza	因為流行感冒而造成的實際人口減少
The company has a worldwide reputation for quality.	這間公司的産品質量譽滿全球。
In the 1860s, Tolstoy was at the zenith of his achievement.	1860年代，托爾斯泰處於創作巔峰時期。
I'm a little wary of/about giving people my address when I don't know them very well.	如果不是太熟的話，我不會輕易告訴別人我的地址。
a pertinent question/remark	切中要害的問題／評論
She is suing the company on grounds of unfair dismissal.	她正以公司不公正解僱她為由對其提起訴訟。
The whole plot of the film is ridiculously implausible.	影片的整個情節荒謬得令人難以置信。
It's a subject that has aroused a lot of interest.	這個話題引起了很多人的興趣。
