He rarely does anything more strenuous than changing the channels on the television.	他很少做比切換電視頻道更費神的事。
a hot/dry/harsh climate	炎熱／乾燥／惡劣的氣候
His business thrived in the years before the war.	戰前那些年，他的生意很興隆。
They were planning to mount an invasion of the north of the country.	他們正計劃發動對該國北部的侵略。
no example found
A rise in interest rates would severely retard economic growth.	利率提高會嚴重阻礙經濟發展。
The police have kept the nightclub under surveillance because of suspected illegal drug activity.	這家夜總會因涉嫌非法毒品活動而被警方監視。
a fertility symbol	生殖力的象徵
a dangerous pathogen	一種危險的病原體
a camouflage jacket	迷彩夾克衫
Diet and exercise can influence a person's weight, but heredity is also a factor.	節食和運動可以影響一個人的體重，而遺傳也是一個因素。
This period in history is not noted for its religious tolerance.	歷史上的這個時期在宗教上並不寬容。
On leaving Cambridge he did his military service as a commissioned officer in the Royal Engineers.
The Booker Prize is the most coveted British literary award.
We will commence building work in August of next year.	我們將於明年八月開始破土動工。
He's been a trade union/party activist for many years.	多年來他一直是工會／黨的積極分子。
[ + to infinitive ] Our delegates have been mandated to vote against the proposal at the conference.	我們的代表受命在會議上對提案投反對票。
I don't possess a single DVD (= I don't have even one DVD).	我一張DVD光碟都沒有。
It was the first time a complete anatomical reconstruction of a dinosaur had been attempted.	這是第一次嘗試對恐龍進行完整的解剖重建。
"I was scared," she said in a trembling voice.	「我很害怕，」她顫抖著說。
the motion of the earth's tectonic plates (= sections of the planet's surface)	地球板塊的運動
Age deforms the spine.	衰老會導致脊柱變形。
The blow displaced the woman's eardrum and left her partially deaf.
patriotic fervour/pride	愛國熱情／自豪感
She was overwhelmed with/by grief when her father died.
a vibrant young performer	充滿朝氣的年輕演員
There are a range of symptoms, including headache and vomiting.	有一系列的癥狀，包括頭痛和嘔吐。
diarrhoea and sickness	腹瀉噁心
Whether the protests will cease remains to be seen.	抗議活動是否會停止還說不準。
a city of five million inhabitants	擁有500萬居民的城市
Their apartment is devoid of all comforts.	他們的公寓沒有任何能提供舒適享受的設施。
no example found
The system of racial segregation that used to exist in South Africa was called apartheid.	南非曾經實施的把種族隔離開來的制度被稱為種族隔離制度。
His sense of humour is one of his better traits.	具有幽默感是他更討人喜歡的特點之一。
Birds, fish, and reptiles are all vertebrates.	鳥類、魚類和爬行動物都是脊椎動物。
He stood up abruptly and went outside.	他猛地站起身，向外面走去。
The pipe was found to be disgorging dangerous chemicals into the sea.	人們發現這個管道在向海裡大量排放危險的化學物質。
