widespread apathy among students	學生中普遍的懈怠情緒
reforming/missionary/religious zeal	改革／傳教士般的／宗教熱情
The thought of him touching her filled her with deep loathing.	一想到他觸摸自己，她就感到非常噁心。
There's a history of antagonism between the two teams.	這兩支球隊是宿敵。
To the astonishment of her colleagues, she resigned.	她竟然辭職了，這讓她的同事們大吃一驚。
Aid workers were said to have been filled with dismay by the appalling conditions that the refugees were living in.	據說援助人員看到難民所處的惡劣生活環境時都感到非常難過。
He was one of the most determined, stubborn, persevering people I had ever met.	他是我見過的最堅定、最頑固、最堅持不懈的人之一。
They were in a state of euphoria for days after they won the prize.	獲獎之後一連幾天他們都處於亢奮狀態。
I didn't want to lose my composure in front of her.	我不想在她面前失態。
You could economize on food by not eating in restaurants all the time.	如果你不總是去餐廳吃飯，就可以在吃這方面節省很多。
His financial problems escalated after he became unemployed.	他失業後，經濟問題更是雪上加霜。
Compulsory savings - which stay with you - are a lot less confiscatory than taxation.
The doctor's waiting room was bright and cheerful with yellow walls and curtains.	醫生候診室的牆壁和窗簾都是黃色的，給人明亮宜人的感覺。		
Peter's academic success delighted his family.	彼得在學校裡的良好表現讓全家人感到高興。		
My sojourn in the youth hostel was thankfully short.	幸好我在青年旅館逗留的時間很短。
to be shy and retiring	靦腆孤僻		
It's normal to feel a little apprehension before starting a new job.	在開始新工作前感到有些忐忑不安是很正常的。		
The congresswoman said she was resigning, but refused to elaborate on her reasons for doing so.	這位國會女議員說她要辭職，但拒絕說明辭職的原因。		
Our goals are congruent; there is no conflict.	我們的目標是一致的，沒有衝突。		
a life of consummate happiness	美滿的幸福生活
no example found
The report exonerated the crew from all responsibility for the collision.	報告證明機組人員對飛機相撞事件不負任何責任。
We are facing an intractable problem.	我們面臨著一個棘手的問題。
no example found
a diffident manner	羞怯的舉止
The food was nice enough but the service was somewhat lackadaisical.	這裡的飯菜不錯但服務不夠殷勤。
The accident left me incapacitated for seven months.	這次意外導致我七個月不能正常生活和工作。
Many children are hapless victims of this war.	許多兒童是這場戰爭不幸的受害者。
She regarded him with wide, guileless blue eyes.	她瞪著一雙純真無邪的藍色大眼睛看著他。
a duplicitous traitor/spy/politician	雙面叛徒／間諜／政客
He's seemed listless and a little depressed ever since he got his exam results.	自從得知自己的考試分數後他就一直無精打采，心情也有些低落。
"Why did you take the money?" she asked the child. "Because I wanted it," came the artless reply.	「你為甚麼要拿這些錢？」她問那個孩子。「因為我想要。」孩子天真地回答。
Some of these statements are misleading and some are downright mendacious.	這些陳述有些有誤導性，有些完全是捏造的。
The article described the latest crime figures as "disturbing".	這篇文章表示最近的犯罪數目「令人擔憂」。
He muttered something unintelligible.	他嘴裡不知咕噥些甚麽。
He has an esoteric collection of old toys and games.	他收藏了一批極罕見的老玩具和遊戲。
a controversial issue/decision/speech/figure	有爭議的問題／決議／講話／數字
He can be very obstinate at times.	他有的時候會非常固執。		
The cost-cutting measures include streamlining administrative procedures in the company.	縮減開支的措施包括簡化公司的行政管理程式。		
no example found		
a celebrated opera singer/city/novel	著名歌劇演唱家／名城／著名小說
a histrionic outburst	裝腔作勢的情感爆發
The government has tried to assuage the public's fears.	政府努力消除公眾的恐慌。
He would have to find work to augment his income.	他可能不得不找一些工作來增加收入。
an ignominious defeat/failure/retreat	聲譽掃地的落敗／可恥的失敗／恥辱的撤退
This type of bird is very inconspicuous because of its dull feathers.	這種鳥因其羽毛灰暗而毫不起眼。
a famous actress/building	著名的女演員／建築
Many native speakers of a language show indifference to/towards grammatical points.	許多人都不關注其母語的文法。
There's great mystique attached to/surrounding the life of a movie star.	影星的生活都籠罩著濃厚的神秘色彩。
an apocryphal story	杜撰的故事
Are you able to verify your account/allegation/report/theory?	你能證明你的陳述／指控／報告／理論嗎？
Education is the current focus of public debate.	教育是目前大眾談論的焦點。		
He was briefly famous in his twenties but then sank into obscurity.	他在20來歲時曾一度小有名氣，但隨後便湮沒無聞了。		
A worrying trend for insurers has been a rise in fraudulent claims.	令保險公司不安的是，詐騙性的索賠呈上升趨勢。		
Excessive managerial control is inimical to creative expression.	過度的管制不利於表現創造力。
no example found		
a famous actress/building	著名的女演員／建築
an abstruse philosophical essay	深奧的哲學文章
He was probably the most prolific songwriter of his generation.	他可能是他這一代中最多產的歌曲作家。
This project is a terrible waste of money.	這個專案計劃完全是在浪費錢財。		
political/social/economic ineptitude	政治/社會/經濟無能
Attitudes seem to be changing as a result of recent highly publicized cases of sexual harassment.	由於最近的幾宗性騷擾案件受到連續報道，大眾的看法似乎正在轉變。
I could just discern a figure in the darkness.	在黑暗中我只能看出一個人影。
"Why did you do it?" "Because Carlos told me to".	「你為甚麼做出這事？」「因為卡洛斯叫我去做的。」
to incinerate waste	焚燒廢棄物
a deep mellifluous voice	渾厚悅耳的嗓音
Make your answers clear and concise.	回答要言簡意賅。
She had a laconic wit.	她說話言簡意賅。
the soporific effect of the heat	炎熱天氣的催眠作用
These chemicals have a detrimental effect/impact on the environment.	這些化學品對環境有危害。
Trauma researchers emphasize the resilience of the human psyche.	創傷研究人員強調人類心理的復原力。		
I'm prepared to overlook his behaviour this time.	這次我打算對他的行為不予計較。		
Emma went to work in New York a year ago, and we haven't seen her since.	埃瑪一年前去紐約工作了，自從那時起我們就沒有見過她。		
She walked home by herself, although she knew that it was dangerous.	她一個人步行回家，儘管她知道那樣做很危險。		
There has been a reported hijack in Tel Aviv this morning.	據傳今天上午在特拉維夫有一架飛機被劫持。		
She explained the whole idea again, but I still didn't understand.	她把整個想法又解釋了一遍，但我還是不明白。		
When the poet stumbled over a line in the middle of a poem, someone in the audience corrected him.	詩人在朗誦一首詩的過程中唸錯了一句，聽眾中有人糾正了他。		
We could hear the rich, euphonic voices of the choir.		
People are put off by his strident voice.	人們很厭惡他那刺耳的嗓音。		
The improvement in sales figures had a beneficial effect/influence on the company as a whole.	銷售額的上升使整間公司受益。
There was a barely perceptible movement in his right arm.	他的右臂微微動了一下。
These drugs have a proven deleterious effect on the nervous system.	已證實這些藥物對神經系統有危害作用。
He doesn't live in a very salubrious part of town.	他住的地方是鎮上不太適宜居住的地方。
His book extolling the benefits of vegetarianism sold thousands of copies.	他那本宣揚素食益處的書賣出了好幾千本。
no example found
[ + -ing verb ] I'm contemplating going abroad for a year.	我打算出國一年。
The proposed new testing system has been vigorously opposed by teachers.	實行新考試制度的提議遭到教師們的強烈反對。
Her ex-husband renounced his claim to the family house.	她的前夫宣佈放棄對家裡房子的所有權要求。
The employees were unhelpful and discourteous.	這些僱員不願意提供幫助而且粗暴無禮。
She is embarrassingly obsequious to anyone in authority.	她差不多對任何當權者都卑躬屈膝，真令人難堪。
He is very reticent about his past.	他不願談及他的過去。
He told us to disregard everything we'd learned so far and start again.	他告訴我們不要考慮所學過的東西，一切要重新開始。		
She rarely spoke her mind out of fear of being ridiculed.	她怕人嘲笑，幾乎從來不說出自己的想法。		
To all his problems she affected indifference.	對他所有的問題，她都裝作漠不關心的樣子。		
She was mimicking the various people in our office.	她在學我們辦公室裡各人的樣子。		
I like the contrast of the white trousers with the black jacket.	我喜歡白色長褲與黑色外套形成的對比。		
Emma's a gregarious, outgoing sort of person.	艾瑪是個喜歡交際、性情爽直的人。		
a scurrilous remark/attack/article	詆毀的話／攻擊／文章
The success of the event will be determined by the vagaries of the weather.	這場活動能否成功將取決於天氣的變化。
[ + that ] Most industrialists labour under a misapprehension (= wrongly believe) that unrestrained economic growth can be achieved without damaging the environment.	大多數工業家都誤以為不破壞環境也可以實現無限制的經濟增長。
Any decrease in tourism could have serious repercussions for the local economy.	旅遊業只要出現任何一點衰退，都可能會給當地經濟帶來嚴重影響。
a monumental task	重大的任務
The misery suffered in this war makes your own problems seem pretty picayune.	和這場戰爭的苦難相比，個人的煩惱頓時顯得微不足道。
an outlandish hairstyle/outfit	古怪的髮型／裝束
He spoke in a haughty, supercilious voice.	他說話時語氣傲慢，目中無人。
His smile was perfunctory.	他的笑容很敷衍。
She incited racial hatred by distributing anti-Semitic leaflets.	她派發反猶太傳單煽動種族仇恨。
The treaty was abrogated in 1929.	該條約於1929年廢止。
He roused himself (from a pleasant daydream) and got back to work.	他不再沈迷（於甜蜜的白日夢中），開始重新投入工作。
Unions claim that the management continues to maintain an intransigent position.	工會稱資方繼續堅持拒不讓步的立場。
Emma's a gregarious, outgoing sort of person.	艾瑪是個喜歡交際、性情爽直的人。		
The author's prolix style has done nothing to encourage sales of the book.	這個作者冗長的寫作風格無益促進該書的銷售。
a pithy remark	言簡意賅的評論		
an abstruse philosophical essay	深奧的哲學文章
Predictably the president parried enquiries about the arms scandal.	正如所料，總統迴避了有關武器醜聞的種種查問。		
The fighting in the city followed reports of the rebels marshalling their forces in the countryside.	叛軍在郊外集結力量的消息傳出後，城內發生了戰鬥。		
He pacified his crying child with a bottle.	他用奶瓶來哄自己哭鬧的孩子。		
a noisome stench	惡臭
The audience was becoming restive as they waited for the performance to begin.	觀衆們等待演出開始時變得越來越不耐煩。
Considering the weather, we got here pretty quickly.	考慮到天氣因素，我們到這裡算夠快的了。
"Why did you do it?" "Because Carlos told me to".	「你為甚麼做出這事？」「因為卡洛斯叫我去做的。」
The report criticizes the banks for being imprudent in their lending.	該報告批評銀行在貸款方面不謹慎。
It has to be said it was rather ingenuous of him to ask a complete stranger to take care of his luggage.	他讓一個完全陌生的人幫自己看管行李，這未免也太天真了。
I find chicken a little bland.	我覺得雞肉有點淡。
no example found
scanty evidence/information	不充分的證據／資訊
He looks robust and healthy enough.	他看起來非常強壯健康。
She gave a clear and lucid account of her plans for the company's future.	她清楚明瞭地講述了自己對公司未來的規劃。
If only she'd been called Camilla or Flavia instead of the prosaic Jane.	要是她叫「卡蜜拉」或「弗拉維亞」而不是叫「珍」這個平常的名字該多好。
an abstruse philosophical essay	深奧的哲學文章
While I accept that he's not perfect in many respects, I do actually like the man.	雖然我承認他在很多方面不是那麼完美，但我實際上還是非常喜歡這個男人。		
He's so cheap he didn't even buy me a card for my birthday.	他真小氣，居然連張生日卡都沒給我買。		
poisonous chemicals	有毒化學物質		
It was a building of singular grace and beauty.	這棟建築物非常雅致、漂亮。		
A move towards healthy eating could help eliminate heart disease.	養成健康的飲食習慣有助於消除心臟病誘因。		
The documents had been duplicated.	這些文件已經被複印過了。		
to preserve the environment	保護環境		
no example found
Nelson Mandela was a truly remarkable man.	納爾遜．曼德拉確實是個了不起的人。
a pivotal figure/role/idea	關鍵人物／角色／想法
We had to work from material that was both complex and recondite.	我們不得不從那些複雜晦澀的資料著手開始工作。
the momentous news of the president's death	總統去世的重大消息
These people are seeking/taking refuge from persecution.	這些受到迫害的人正在尋求庇護。
She commented loudly on the tacky gaudinessof the card.	她大聲地評價說這張卡片又俗氣又花哨。
It was bedlam at the football stadium after the match was suspended.	比賽中止後，足球場上一片混亂。
He was always punctilious in his manners.	他的舉止總是循規蹈矩。
Local activist groups have become increasingly vociferous as the volume of traffic passing through the village has increased.	隨著途經村子的車輛不斷增加，當地激進主義團體的抱怨聲也越來越大。
scathing criticism	嚴厲的批評
a witty comment/remark	風趣的評論／話語
She has lost her battle to retain control of the company.	她被打敗了，失去了繼續掌管公司的權力。		
She has cultivated an image as a tough negotiator.	她將自己的形象塑造成一個強硬的談判者。		
He's an immense goalkeeper.	他是一名非常出色的守門員。		
ancient civilizations/rights/laws	古代文明／自古有之的權利／古代法律		
The stadium was littered with the detritus of yesterday's concert.	體育館裡到處都是昨天舉行音樂會後留下的垃圾。		
He asked me to give him another loan, but I refused.	他讓我再借給他一筆錢，我拒絕了。		
A short drive through the countryside reveals vast swathes of barrenness.	穿過鄉村的一小段車程就可以看到大片的貧瘠之地。		
The piece, as one waggish writer put it, "begins like Bach and ends like Offenbach."	這首曲子，正如一位詼諧的作者所言，「像巴赫一樣開始，像奧芬巴赫一樣結束」。		
a vicious thug	兇殘的暴徒		
We booked the trip on a whim.	我們一衝動就預訂了假日遊。
no example found
Several hypotheses for global warming have been suggested.	已經提出好幾種全球變暖的假設。
It is a tenet of contemporary psychology that an individual's mental health is supported by having good social networks.	當代心理學的一個基本理念就是個人的心理健康有賴於良好的社交圈。
a democratic polity	民主政治組織
Some of the arguments in favour of shutting the factory are questionable and others downright spurious.	贊成關閉工廠的那些論據，有些值得質疑，另一些則明顯站不住腳。
"Are you feeling any better?" "No!" was the terse reply.	「你覺得好點了嗎？」 「沒有。」回答簡短而生硬。
His argument is based on fallacious reasoning.	他的論點是建立在錯誤的推理基礎上的。
Keep your letter succinct and to the point.	信一定要寫得簡明扼要。
The general made some bellicose statements about his country's military strength.	將軍發表了一些具挑釁性的言論，顯示出該國強大的軍事力量。
She shows a blithe disregard for danger.	她對危險毫不在乎。
His book extolling the benefits of vegetarianism sold thousands of copies.	他那本宣揚素食益處的書賣出了好幾千本。
Her ex-husband renounced his claim to the family house.	她的前夫宣佈放棄對家裡房子的所有權要求。
She spurned my offers of help.	她斷然拒絕了我的幫助。
Critics everywhere have eulogized her new novel.	各地的評論家都對她的新小說大加稱讚。
He gave a quite surprising answer.	他的回答非常出人意料。
Laura's taken a fancy to Japanese food.	蘿拉喜歡上日本料理。
We deprecate this use of company funds for political purposes.	我們反對這種將公司資金用於政治目的的做法。		
He gave me directions to his house, but I found them utterly bewildering.	他告訴我到他家的路，但我發現他指的路讓人完全摸不著頭緒。		
He was shot as he made a misguided attempt to stop the robbers single-handed.	他不理智地想一個人制止劫匪搶劫，結果遭到槍擊。
The marketing campaign was an uncoordinated effort by several different departments.	促銷活動是由幾個部門一起做的，彼此之間沒有協調好。
There was a lot of positive feedback, which was very encouraging.	正面的回應紛至遝來，非常振奮人心。
There were no injuries and damage to the building was minimal.	沒有人受傷，建築物的損壞也極小。
an exciting movie/soundtrack	扣人心弦的電影／電影配樂
misleading information/statements	誤導人的資訊／說法
The bill for dinner was exorbitant.	晚餐的價錢太高了。
The imperialist action takes the form of creating a local bourgeoisie, controlled by the ruling class of the dominating country.	帝國主義的行為模式是建立地方資產階級，由統治國的統治階級控制。
At their apogee, the novels of Spillane claimed worldwide sales of over $180 million.	在史畢蘭的小說最為風靡之時，其全球銷售量超過1.8億冊。
The dispute had reached an impasse, as neither side would compromise.	由於雙方都不肯讓步，爭端陷入僵局。
She suffered brain damage from the car accident and regressed to the mental age of a five-year-old.	在那宗汽車交通事故中，她的腦部受損，智商倒退到五歲孩子的水平。
Are you impugning my competence as a professional designer?	你是在質疑我作為專業設計師的能力嗎？
The room looked cosy and inviting.	這個房間看起來舒適宜人。		
For years people have been trying to fathom (out) the mysteries of the whale's song.	多年來人們一直試圖弄清鯨魚歌聲之謎。		
"How very odd to say all that!" I interpolated.		
They are exploring the possibility of collaborating on a new project.		
They want to elevate the status of teachers.	他們想提高教師的社會地位。		
He lost the next page of his speech and floundered around/about for a few seconds.	他把演講稿的下一頁弄丟了，支支吾吾了幾秒鐘。		
no example found		
The sports minister today capitulated to calls for his resignation.	體育部長今天被迫接受了要他辭職的要求。		
The acrimony of the dispute has shocked a lot of people.	這場爭執帶出的齟齬震驚了很多人。
What a cacophony!	多麼刺耳的聲音！
no example found
Although he's shy, it certainly hasn't impeded his career in any way.	儘管他很害羞，但這顯然一點也沒有妨礙他的事業。
The benefits of this treatment far outweigh any risks.	這種治療方法的好處遠遠大於任何風險。
an abhorrent crime	惹人憎惡的罪行
The answers to these questions remain as elusive as ever.	這些問題的答案仍然是不得而知。
Rolls Royces are very expensive.	勞斯萊斯汽車價格昂貴。
Over the years it has developed into a highly profitable business.	經過這些年，它發展成了高獲利企業。
She made a desultory attempt at conversation.	她只是隨意聊聊而已。
She's too parsimonious to heat the house properly.	她太節儉了，連給房子供足暖氣都捨不得。
a truculent teenager	好鬥的少年
Ships were registered abroad to circumvent employment and safety regulations.	船隻在外國註冊以規避僱用以及安全規定。
Researchers tried many times to replicate the original experiment.	研究者們作了很多次努力，試圖重複這一實驗。		
The findings show a substantial difference between the opinions of men and women.	這些發現顯示男性和女性之間存在重大的意見分歧。		
Student grants these days are paltry.	如今的學生助學金少得可憐。		
She seems to find it difficult to form meaningful relationships.	她似乎覺得很難跟他人有深入的交往。		
popular music/entertainment/culture	流行音樂／大眾娛樂／大眾文化		
They felt that our discussions with other companies constituted a breach of/in our agreement.	他們認為我們與別的公司談判違反了我們之間的協定。		
They circumnavigated Cape Horn Island in canoes.	他們乘獨木舟繞合恩角航行。		
He saw her as his main adversary within the company.	在他眼中，她是他在公司中的頭號對手。
Judges have great discretionary powers.	法官有很大的自主權。
I'm willing to help on any weekday, but my weekends are sacrosanct.	我樂意在任何一個平常日幫忙，不過週末可不容侵佔的。
an injudicious remark	不明智的言論
to refute a person/theory/argument/claim	駁斥一個人／理論／論點／說法
subterranean passages	地下通道
People were urged to boycott the country's products.	人們被鼓動起來杯葛那個國家的産品。
She denied any personal enmity towards him.	她否認自己對他懷有任何私怨。
The council has finally indicated its approbation of the plans.	政務會最終表示批准這些計畫。
The medical foundation will be the main beneficiary of the millionaire's largesse.	這個醫藥基金會將是那位百萬富翁慷慨捐助的主要受益者。
Western charities were galvanized by TV pictures of starving people.	饑民的照片在電視上播出後，西方的慈善組織倍感震驚，馬上行動了起來。
I can't abide her.	我真受不了她。		
The previous occupants were an Italian family.	先前的居住者是一家義大利人。
[ + that ] It was the Greek astronomer, Ptolemy, who postulated that the earth was at the centre of the universe.	就是希臘天文學家托勒密假定地球是宇宙的中心。
I think there is one key fact that you have overlooked.	我認為你忽略了一個重要的事實。
The project is still at an embryonic stage.	這個專案仍處於剛起步階段。
Smallpox is clearly the worst of the pestilential diseases.	天花顯然是最糟糕的疫病。
More money is needed to bolster the industry.	需要更多的錢來扶持該行業。
The UK annexed this small island west of Scotland in 1955.	英國於1955年將這個位於蘇格蘭以西的小島併入其領土。
He repudiated the allegation/charge/claim that he had tried to deceive them.	他們指控／譴責／聲稱他企圖欺騙他們，他對此進行了駁斥。
He claimed that he signed the confession under duress.	他聲稱自己是在脅迫之下簽的供狀。
As he sat slumped on the sofa, his natural ebullience had evaporated.	當他癱坐在沙發上時，他的自然活力已經消失殆盡。
a skilled orator	老練的演說家
Security did not prevent an interloper from getting onto the stage at the opening ceremony.	開幕式上保安人員沒有阻止一名闖入者登上舞臺。
an inscrutable face/expression/smile	神秘莫測的面孔／表情／笑容
draconian laws/methods	嚴酷的法律／苛刻的方法
intermittent rain	陣雨
a pale insipid wine	淡而無味的葡萄酒
an evil despot	邪惡的暴君
We should be cognizant of the fact that every complaint is not a justified complaint.	我們應該認識到並非每一樁投訴都是合理的。
As a football player, his great asset was his calm, phlegmatic manner.	作為一名足球運動員，他最大的優點是他在場上沉著冷靜的風度。
a mood/sense of despair	絕望的情緒／感覺		
We need to discourage miscreants.	我們需要懲戒無賴之徒。		
He had some mercenary scheme to marry a wealthy widow.	他有個斂財的詭計，想娶個有錢的寡婦。		
He claimed that the restaurant bill was a legitimate business expense.	他聲稱飯店帳單是一筆合理的業務開支。		
The president of this company is just a figurehead - the Chief Executive has day-to-day control.	這家公司的董事長只是個傀儡——日常事務都是執行長控制的。		
Why don't you vote - how can you be so indifferent (to what is going on)?	你為甚麼不投票？你怎能（對正在發生的事情）如此漠不關心！		
The general has ordered a partial withdrawal of troops from the area.	將軍已下令部隊部分人員撤出該地區。		
a conciliatory gesture/remark	願意和解的姿態/言語
He's getting a bit cantankerous in his old age.	他上了年紀，變得有些愛吵嘴還老抱怨。
an inscrutable face/expression/smile	神秘莫測的面孔／表情／笑容
a contentious decision/policy/issue/subject	有爭議的決定／政策／問題／話題
It was a courageous decision to resign in protest at the company's pollution record.	以辭職來抗議公司污染環境的劣跡是一個勇敢的決定。
an ignoble action/idea	卑鄙的行為／想法
facetious remarks	不合時宜的發言
His detractors claim that his fierce temper makes him unsuitable for leadership.	他的批評者聲稱他脾氣暴躁，不適合做領袖。
no example found
a wine/art connoisseur	葡萄酒／藝術鑒賞家
no example found
I don't know why he gets so upset about something so trivial.	我不明白他因何為芝麻大的事也如此煩惱。		
Why don't you vote - how can you be so indifferent (to what is going on)?	你為甚麼不投票？你怎能（對正在發生的事情）如此漠不關心！		
He's very charming but I wouldn't trust him.	他很會哄人，可是我不會信任他。		
Food and fuel prices are very volatile in a war situation.	戰爭時期食品和燃料的價格極易波動。		
He described them as virtuous and hard-working people.	他將他們描述成一個品德高尚、勤勞善良的民族。		
[ + two objects ] European Airlines guarantees its customers top-quality service.	歐洲航空公司保證為乘客提供最好的服務。		
The lorry was lodged in a very precarious way, with its front wheels hanging over the cliff.	卡車的位置很危險，前輪懸在峭壁上面。		
Not being one of the cognoscenti, I failed to understand the ballet's subtler points.	因為不是行家，我領悟不到這場芭蕾舞的精妙之處。
Michelle, for the uninitiated, is the central female character in Netflix's latest comedy series.	外人有所不知，米雪爾是網飛最新播出的喜劇連續劇中的女主角。		
an uninspired performance	乏善可陳的表演
There’s often a bit of insincerity in these speeches.	這些演講中往往帶著一絲虛情假意。
A lot more frankness is needed in sex education if we are to reduce the number of teenage pregnancies.	我們要減少少女懷孕現象，在性教育方面還需要坦率得多才行。
"We really don't know what to do about it," she said with surprising candour.	「我們確實不知道該如何應付，」她以令人吃驚的坦率說道。
As a leader, he's been criticized for his inexperience in foreign affairs.	作為領袖，他因不熟悉外交事務而受到批評。
After a slight hesitation, she began to speak.	稍微猶豫了一下後，她開始講話。
She had a child's inchoate awareness of language.	她具有兒童對語言的初步意識。
a sedentary job/occupation	久坐的工作／職業
signs of incipient public frustration	公眾中開始出現的種種失望的跡象
She wrote a seminal article on the subject while she was still a student.	她在學生時期就寫了一篇有關該主題的文章，文章影響深遠。
His painting/style is very derivative.	他的油畫／風格有很重的模仿痕跡。
The space will allow canonical works by these artists to be always on view.
Most of her novels have been made into television serials at some time.	她的大多數小說都已在某個時候被拍成了電視連續劇。
In her view, elite sports are actually antithetical to healthy living.	在她看來，精英運動實際上與健康生活背道而馳。
no example found
The governor may now be regretting her impetuous promise to reduce unemployment by half.	州長現在可能後悔她輕率地承諾要將失業人數減少一半。
a life of consummate happiness	美滿的幸福生活
Food and fuel prices are very volatile in a war situation.	戰爭時期食品和燃料的價格極易波動。
She has been a stalwart supporter of the party for many years.	她多年來一直是該黨的忠實支持者。
The lorry was lodged in a very precarious way, with its front wheels hanging over the cliff.	卡車的位置很危險，前輪懸在峭壁上面。
classes in elocution	演講技巧課
The song is a paean to solitude and independence.	這首歌是讚美獨處和獨立的。
The prime minister has a reputation for powerful oratory.	首相以雄辯有力的口才而聞名。
She delivered a panegyric on the president-elect.	她為當選總統獻上了一段頌詞。
He launched into a long diatribe against the lack of action in Congress.	他開始長篇大論地抨擊參議院行動不力。
A drunk in the station was haranguing passers-by.	一名醉漢在車站大聲訓斥路人。
He repudiated the allegation/charge/claim that he had tried to deceive them.	他們指控／譴責／聲稱他企圖欺騙他們，他對此進行了駁斥。
The pilot of the aircraft will surely be exculpated when all the facts are known.	當一切真相大白時，肯定可以證明飛行員是沒有過錯的。
I bought myself a pair of good stout hiking boots.	我給自己買了雙厚實耐穿的靴子健行時穿。		
One picture was of a tottering 89-year-old leaving the platform after her conference speech.	有一張照片是一位步履蹣跚的89歲老人在大會發言後離開講臺。		
fecund soil	肥沃的土壤		
no example found
Who will inherit the house when he dies?	他死後由誰繼承房子？		
It's an organization set up to provide money and help for transients.	這個組織建立的目的就是給暫住者提供金錢和幫助。		
incessant rain/noise/complaints	沒完沒了的雨／噪音／抱怨
works of little intrinsic value/interest	本身無甚價值／趣味的作品
Fame in the world of rock and pop is largely ephemeral.	在搖滾和流行音樂界，名聲大多轉瞬即逝。
Large amounts of dangerous waste are discharged daily by the factory.	這個工廠每天排放大量危險的廢物。		
I think he'd dismissed me as an idiot within five minutes of meeting me.	我認爲他和我見面五分鐘後就把我歸入了傻瓜之列。		
She suffers from impaired vision/hearing.	她的視力/聽力受損。
A vast audience watched the broadcast.	大量的觀眾觀看了轉播。
a meagre salary	微薄的薪水
Each person's genetic code is unique except in the case of identical twins.	每個人的遺傳密碼都是獨一無二的，同卵雙胞胎除外。
no example found
She can be really irritating but I try to ignore her.	她有時會特別煩人，不過我盡量不去理會她。
anecdotal evidence趣聞軼事式的證據
We won't have discussions with this group unless they eschew violence.	除非這個團體放棄使用暴力，否則我們不會與之舉行會談。
I don't want to devalue his achievement, but he managed to get a promotion without working very hard.	我不想貶低他的成績，但他似乎沒有真正努力就得到了升遷。
By 2015, the company was starting to look a little tarnished.	到2015年，該公司開始顯得有些黯然失色。
She rarely spoke her mind out of fear of being ridiculed.	她怕人嘲笑，幾乎從來不說出自己的想法。
He credits his hardiness to his childhood in the small farming community where he grew up.	他將自己的堅韌歸功於在小農村成長的童年。
He raised the matter with great delicacy.	他十分慎重地提起這件事。
Enthusiasm has been sadly lacking these past months at work.	在過去的這幾個月裡大家的工作熱忱嚴重不足。
[ + to infinitive ] He needs to lose some weight.	他必須減輕一些體重。
[ + (that) ] I imagine (that) he's under a lot of pressure at the moment.	我猜想他現在承受的壓力一定很大。
She's the nominal head of our college - the real work is done by her deputy.	她名義上是我們學院的校長——實際工作都是由她的副手來完成的。
Students are required to undertake simple experiments.	要求學生們做些簡單的實驗。
He supplements (= adds to) his income by working in a bar at night.	他晚上在酒吧打工以增加收入。
He gazed mournfully out the window.	他悲傷地註視著窗外。
She spitefully removed his name from the invitation list.	她惡意地把他的名字從邀請名單上刪掉了。
Television has become part of our quotidian existence.	電視已成為我們日常生活的一部分。
Recent developments in the area have brought latent ethnic tension out into the open.	近來該地區的一些新情況導致民族之間潛在的緊張關係公開化了。
an arresting-looking woman	相貌迷人的女人
It was disingenuous of her to claim she had no financial interest in the case.	她聲稱自己在這個案子中沒有任何經濟利益，這有些心口不一。
an authoritarian regime/government/ruler	獨裁政權／政府統治者
The farmhouse fell into a state of dilapidation.	農舍陷入了破敗的狀態。
It's a gentle product that can be used immediately after depilation.
New York is very hot and humid in the summer.	紐約的夏天炎熱潮濕。
He was completely/totally/wholly unprepared for what he saw.	他對眼前的場面毫無準備。
I'm going to have to take these clothes off - I'm soaked to the skin!	我要去脫下這些衣服——我渾身都濕透了！
He took a gun through baggage control to highlight the lax security.	他攜帶一把槍通過了行李檢查，以此引起大家對安全管理鬆懈這一問題的重視。
Could you give us a hint about how to do this exercise, please?	你能不能給我們一些關於如何做這個練習的建議？
[ + (that) ] There's no absolute proof, but all the evidence suggests (that) he's guilty.	雖然沒有確鑿的證據，但所有證據都表明他有罪。
The workers chose to manifest their dissatisfaction in a series of strikes.	工人決定藉一連串罷工來表達他們的不滿。
He was struck by the radiance of her smile.	她燦爛的笑容令他著迷。
The desert is so arid that nothing can grow there.	沙漠中極其乾旱，寸草不生。
He has a very calm manner.	他舉止沉著鎮靜。
The meeting will have to wait until tomorrow, because I'm too busy now.	會議將不得不延後到明天，因為我現在太忙了。
My mother always gets a bit anxious if we don't arrive when we say we will.	如果我們沒有在說好的時間到達，我母親總會有些擔心。
We have been inundated with requests for help.	求助申請多得讓我們應接不暇。
She was dressed very soberly in a plain grey suit.	她穿了一身素灰色衣服，顯得十分莊重。
She wept bitterly at the news.	她聽到這個消息後泣不成聲。
The George Cross is a decoration that is bestowed upon/on British civilians for acts of great bravery.	喬治十字勛章是為了表彰英國平民的英勇行為而頒發的。
Inasmuch as you are their commanding officer, you are responsible for the behaviour of these men.	由於你是這些士兵的指揮官，你就要對他們的行為負責。
Considering the weather, we got here pretty quickly.	考慮到天氣因素，我們到這裡算夠快的了。
"Why did you do it?" "Because Carlos told me to".	「你為甚麼做出這事？」「因為卡洛斯叫我去做的。」
I don't want to diminish her achievements, but she did have a lot of help.	我不想貶低她的成就，但她確實得到了很多幫助。
A peaceful solution would obviate the need to send a UN military force.	如果能和平解決就沒有必要派遣聯合國維和部隊了。
It is unclear how to mitigate the effects of tourism on the island.	人們還不清楚如何減低旅遊業對這個島嶼的影響。
Though she had spent hours fixing the computer, he belittled her efforts.	雖然她花了多個小時維修電腦，他卻無視她的努力。
"I said no such thing!" she cried indignantly.	‘我沒說過話’，她急地哭了。
Can you feel the spray from the sea/waterfall?	你能感覺到海上的浪花／瀑布濺起的水霧嗎？
It's a very select club - I've been trying unsuccessfully to join it for years.	這是個高級俱樂部——我多年來一直想加入都未能成功。
There are established procedures for dealing with emergencies.	處理緊急情況有一些既定程式。
The government have appropriated millions of pounds for the project.	政府已經為該企劃案撥款數百萬英鎊。
Does anything suggest itself? (= Do you have any ideas about what we should do?)	你想到甚麼好主意了嗎？
There have been huge demonstrations against the proposed factory closure.	已經有幾場大規模的示威活動反對關閉工廠的提議。
an after-dinner speech	宴會後的講話
She walked home by herself, although she knew that it was dangerous.	她一個人步行回家，儘管她知道那樣做很危險。
He gets £50,000 a year while I get a meagre £20,000!	他每年賺五萬英鎊，而我只有可憐的兩萬！
She was overwhelmed with/by grief when her father died.
A police officer was accused of helping a drug gang eliminate rivals.	一名員警被指控幫助一個販毒黑幫鏟平敵對幫派。
