They have to dredge the canal regularly to keep it open.	爲了保持運河的暢通他們必須定期進行清淤作業。
You can grow dwarf conifers in pots on the patio.	你可以在陽臺上種些矮小的針葉樹盆栽。
an eminent historian	聲名顯赫的歷史學家
carnivorous plants	食肉植物
The getaway car had been ditched a couple of miles away from the scene of the robbery.	逃離現場用的車輛被丟棄在距搶劫地兩英里以外的地方。
With little equipment and unsuitable footwear, she epitomizes the inexperienced and unprepared mountain walker.	她幾乎沒有帶任何裝備，穿的鞋也不合適，是一個典型的缺乏經驗、準備不足的登山客。
diplomatic negotiations	外交談判
The cells elongate as they take in water.	細胞吸水後變長。
She unsuccessfully attempted to assume the mantle of the presidency.	她想接任總統，但未成功。
She has that intangible quality which you might call charisma.	她具有一種難以捉摸的特質，你或許會稱之為個人魅力。
Some people feel nostalgia for their schooldays.	有些人對自己的學生時代充滿了懷舊之情。
They were warned of the ecological catastrophe to come.	他們收到警告，生態災難即將來臨。
Nothing you can say will dampen her enthusiasm.	不管你說甚麼，她的熱情仍絲毫不減。
She began to summarize the salient features/points of the proposal.	她開始總結提議中的重點／要點。
She gulped down her drink and made a hasty exit.	她大口喝下飲料後急匆匆地出去了。
pulverized coal/bones	煤粉／骨粉
a formidable obstacle/task	令人生畏的障礙／任務
Her dress was tightly belted, accentuating the slimness of her waist.	她裙子的衣帶繫得很緊，凸顯出苗條的腰身。
The police are sifting the evidence very carefully to try and find the guilty person.	員警正在非常仔細地檢查證據，試圖找出罪犯。
Her imagination was kindled by the exciting stories her grandmother told her.	她祖母給她講述的精彩故事激發了她的想像力。
The airborne radioactive particles have covered a huge area of Russia.	透過空氣傳播的放射性粒子覆蓋了俄羅斯廣大地區。
She ended the concert with a powerful rendition of "I Will Always Love You".	她以對《我會永遠愛你》的強有力的詮釋結束了音樂會。
He is impervious to criticism and rational argument.	他對批評和說理都無動於衷。
You can't really extrapolate a trend from such a small sample.	你不能單憑這樣一件小小的樣品就推斷出潮流的真正發展趨勢。
Hundreds of people flocked to the football match.	數百人蜂擁前來觀看足球比賽。
That look of grief would be imprinted on her mind forever.	那種悲傷的神情會永遠印在她的腦海中。
This is one of the country's foremost arts centres.	這是全國最重要的藝術中心之一。
Bergman's films are often full of gloom and despair.	伯格曼導演的電影通常都彌漫著憂鬱和絕望的氣氛。
greasy food/dishes/skin/hair	油膩的食物／油乎乎的盤子／油性皮膚／油性頭髮
dress fabric	裙裝衣料
the gallery's elegant 18th-century façade	美術館建於18世紀典雅的正面
a bounteous crop	大豐收
The design is incised into a metal plate.	這圖案是刻在金屬板上的。
The news astounded me.	聽到這個消息，我非常震驚。
Gases liquefy under pressure.	氣體在壓力作用下會液化。
juvenile crime/offenders	青少年犯罪／少年罪犯
affluent nations/neighbourhoods	富有國家／富人區
Leather is very much in fashion this season, as is the ubiquitous denim.	皮裝在這個季節非常流行，當然牛仔服也似乎無處不在。
He was a benevolent old man and wouldn't hurt a fly.	他是個仁慈的老人，連一隻蒼蠅都不願傷害。
How could you humiliate me by questioning my judgment in front of everyone like that?	你怎麼能那樣當眾質疑我的判斷，令我丟臉？
a masculine appearance/voice	男性外表／嗓音
