no example found
Religious leaders have called for a total cessation of the bombing campaign.	宗教領袖們呼籲徹底停止這次轟炸行動。
They threatened to smother the animals with plastic bags.	他們威脅要用塑膠袋把這些動物悶死。
She turned off the light and crept through the door.	她關上燈，悄悄溜出門。
Raise the seedlings in the greenhouse.	在溫室裡培植幼苗。
no example found
These diseases are more prevalent among young children.	這些疾病在幼兒中更普遍。
His mother's death when he was aged six had a very profound effect on him.	他六歲時母親的過世對他的影響很大。
We envision a park with trails and a boating lake.
Coffee and the newspaper are part of my morning ritual.	喝咖啡和讀報紙是我早晨必做的事情之一。
Her unhappiness was apparent to everyone.	誰都看得出她很不開心。
an autonomous vehicle
The new building has little aesthetic value/appeal.	新樓幾乎沒有甚麼美學價值。
We believe that educational or counselling schemes are a more efficacious way of dealing with this problem than harsh sanctions.
It's an evening of music, drama and pantomime.	晚會上匯集了音樂、戲劇和默劇。
The technical virtuosity of the paintings is such that you can almost smell the flowers.	這些畫作的技巧十分精湛，你幾乎可以聞到花香。
When the college was established in 1546, it inherited a hall from each of three antecedent institutions.	該學院在1546年建立時，從作為其前身的三個機構中分別承繼了一座教學大樓。
a penchant for melodrama/skiing/exotic clothes	偏愛通俗劇／滑雪／奇裝異服
With his blond, blue-eyed athletic looks, he typifies the all-American boy next door.	他有著典型的美國鄰家男孩的形象：金髮碧眼和運動型身材。
Much has been written about the circumstances surrounding her demise.
It's only been a year since he died - how's she coping (= how is she)?	他過世剛一年時間——她的情況怎麼樣？
conventional behaviour/attitudes/clothes	傳統行爲／態度／服裝
The troops bombarded the city, killing and injuring hundreds.	部隊連續炮撃了該市，導致數百人傷亡。
During the dig, the archaeological team found some relics from the Stone Age.	在發掘過程中，考古隊發現了一些石器時代的遺跡。
She had to put her catastrophic Olympic performance out of her mind.	她不得不儘力把自己在奧運會上災難性的表現拋在腦後。
She could conceivably have already left.	她可能已經離開了。
His detractors claim that his fierce temper makes him unsuitable for leadership.	他的批評者聲稱他脾氣暴躁，不適合做領袖。
no example found
no example found
These people are seeking/taking refuge from persecution.	這些受到迫害的人正在尋求庇護。
no example found
European colonization of the Americas, with its cycle of war, disease and slavery, decimated the indigenous peoples.	歐洲對美洲的殖民統治，伴隨著戰爭、疾病和奴隸制的次第出現，摧毀了土著人民。
The recent publicity surrounding homelessness has given (a) fresh impetus to the cause.	最近圍繞無家可歸者的宣傳對這項事業是一股新的推動力。
There is a paucity of information on the ingredients of many cosmetics.	許多化妝品沒有提供充足的產品成分資訊。
a habitual thief	慣竊
A sudden thunderstorm had drenched us to the skin.	突如其來的雷陣雨把我們淋透了。
We drove through a barren, rocky landscape.	我們駕車經過一個到處都是岩石的不毛之地。
Mushrooms and mould are fungi.	蘑菇和黴菌都是真菌。
Children need plenty of good fresh food to nourish them.	孩子們需要大量的新鮮食物來提供營養。
no example found
The rocks near the river were covered with moss.	河邊的岩石長滿了苔蘚。
The harsh light revealed every crevice and wrinkle in his face.	他臉上每條深淺不一的皺紋在強光下都清晰可見。
Angiosperms are the dominant order of flora in the world's ecology.	被子植物是世界生態系統中的主要植物類群。
The children took turns blowing the dandelion clock (= the mass of white threads to which the seeds are attached).	孩子們輪流吹蒲公英的絨毛頭。
The long-dormant volcano has recently shown signs of erupting.	休眠了很久的火山最近出現了要噴發的跡象。
Losing your job is just one of the vicissitudes of life.	失業只是曲折人生中的一個插曲。
I play the occasional game of tennis.	我偶爾打打網球。
a porcelain dish	瓷碟
The main characters are clearly delineated in the first chapter.	主要人物在第一章裡得到了清晰的描述。
Lying on a sunny beach is my idea of sheer bliss.	我認為躺在沙灘上曬太陽是最大的幸福。
A rose is the national emblem of England.	玫瑰是英國的標誌。
We live in an increasingly secular society, in which religion has less and less influence on our daily lives.	我們生活在一個日益世俗化的世界裡，宗教對我們日常生活的影響越來越小。
Half the people questioned said they were opposed to military intervention in the civil war.	半數被問到的人說他們反對對內戰的軍事幹涉。
He was immensely popular in his day.	在他那個時代，他非常受歡迎。
Her health has improved appreciably since she changed her treatment.	自從她換了治療方案之後，她的健康狀況有了顯著改善。
ambient conditions/lighting/noise/temperature	周圍環境／光線／噪音／溫度
He drove in an erratic course down the road.	他開車忽左忽右地在路上蛇行。
areas of marsh and fen	濕地沼澤地區
The world is now producing large food surpluses.	世界上目前生產的食品大大過剩。
a woollen scarf	羊毛圍巾
The ravages of the fire showed in the splintered woodwork and blistered paint.	零碎的焦木塊和斑駁的漆皮都顯示出這場火災的破壞有多嚴重。
a linen jacket	亞麻上衣
They demanded adequate remuneration for their work.	他們要求為他們的工作償付足夠的報酬。
a meagre salary	微薄的薪水
rye bread	黑麥麵包
no example found
no example found
The salaries compare unfavourably to other fields of work.	這些薪水等級與其他工種相比是偏低的。
a display of garden statuary	園藝雕塑展
Any breakages must be paid for.	任何損壞必須賠償。
The disease has continued to perplex doctors.	這種疾病仍然困擾著醫生。
He's a restless type - he never stays in one country for long.	他是那種待不住的人——他從來不在一個國家停留太長的時間。
The very idea is preposterous!	這個想法很荒謬！
The very idea is preposterous!	這個想法很荒謬！
A whole valley was drowned when the river was dammed.	河水被大壩攔住後，整個山谷都被淹沒了。
They've furnished the room very simply.	他們把房間佈置得很簡單。
She was buried in the cathedral, as befits someone of her position.	她葬在大教堂墓地，和她的身份很相稱。
a gunshot wound	槍傷
The book celebrates the hostages' remarkable triumph over appalling adversity.	這本書頌揚人質脫離可怕險境的壯舉。
Japanese investment has revitalized this part of Britain.	日本的投資使得英國這一地區的經濟復甦了。
She sat immobile, wondering what to do next.	她一動不動地坐著，尋思著下一步該怎麼辦。
High winds have hindered firefighters in their efforts to put out the blaze.	強風妨礙了消防隊員撲滅大火。
The state of Michigan has endowed three institutes to do research for industry.	密西根州已經向三所研究所提供資助進行産業研究。
intimate relationships	親密關係
This latest dispute greatly increases the likelihood of a strike.	最近的這場衝突極大地增加了罷工的可能性。
We'd worked together for years and developed a close/good rapport.	我們在一起工作多年，關係非常親密／友好。
Negotiators were called in to mediate between the two sides.	請來了談判人員為雙方調解。
His colleagues ostracized him after he criticized the company in public.	他公開批評公司之後，同事們對他採取了排斥態度。
She has shunned publicity since she retired from acting.	告別舞臺生涯後，她便遠離了大眾的注意。
Have you managed to elicit a response from them yet?	你設法探到他們的反應了嗎？
I didn't ignore her intentionally - I just didn't recognize her.	我沒有故意無視她——我只是沒認出她。
He claimed that he had been deprived of his freedom/rights.	他聲稱本身自由／權利被剝奪。
no example found
no example found
no example found
In the 1920s, short hair for women became the vogue.	20世紀20年代，女性留短髮成為時尚。
Some of these educators are hoping to produce a change in the current cultural paradigm.	這些教育家中有些希望改變當今的文化典型。
the olfactory nerve	嗅覺神經
I fail to comprehend their attitude.	我無法理解他們的態度。
She's very adept at dealing with the media.	她應付媒體遊刃有餘。
She conflated the three plays to produce a fresh new work.	她成功地將三個劇本合併在一起，編出了一部令人耳目一新的新作品。
They haven't produced any credible evidence for convicting him.	他們沒有拿出任何可信的證據來給他定罪。
They can presumably afford to buy a bigger apartment.	他們大概買得起一間大一點的公寓。
porous soil with good drainage	有良好排水系統的滲漏性土壤
The torrential rain had plastered her hair to her head.	暴雨使她的頭髮緊貼在頭上。
The universities constitute a reservoir of expert knowledge.	大學是專業知識的寶庫。
Such a war would be disastrous for the country.	這樣一場戰爭會給國家帶來災難性的後果。
The company has gained international prestige.	該公司贏得了國際聲譽。
Arab pastoralists moved their herds across the land.	阿拉伯牧民在這片土地上放牧。
[ + to infinitive ] His tendency to exaggerate is well known.	他喜歡誇張是出了名的。
Her first novel enjoyed an astonishing success.	她的第一部小說取得了驚人的成功。
The children had been living on the streets, foraging for scraps.	那些孩子露宿街頭，四處尋找殘羹剩飯。
The Eiffel Tower is a remarkable feat of engineering.	艾菲爾鐵塔是工程技術上的一大非凡傑作。
We could see seals on the rocks, basking in the sun.	我們可以看到海豹在岩石上曬太陽。
Three hundred people perished in the earthquake.	有300人在此次地震中喪生。
The ball deflected off my shoulder, straight into the goal.	球打在我的肩膀上反彈進了球門。
The volcano spewed a giant cloud of ash, dust, and gases into the air.	火山向空中噴出大量的煙灰、塵埃和氣體。
The spacecraft disintegrated as it entered the earth's atmosphere.	太空船進入大氣層時解體了。
He spoke with great severity.	他說話口氣非常嚴厲。
A healthy diet can lessen the risk of heart disease.	健康飲食能降低患心臟病的危險。
no example found
Under the tutelage of Professor Roberts, the 900 delegates assessed and discussed the social market economy.	在羅伯茨教授的指導下，900名代表評估和討論了社會市場經濟。
He repudiated the allegation/charge/claim that he had tried to deceive them.	他們指控／譴責／聲稱他企圖欺騙他們，他對此進行了駁斥。
an egalitarian society	奉行平等主義的社會
no example found
The problems began long before he became CEO, but they worsened with his laissez-faire approach/attitude.	這些問題在他當執行長之前就早已出現了，但由於他採取了放任自流的態度，結果變得更加嚴重了。
The general consensus in the office is that he can't do his job.	辦公室成員一致認爲他無法勝任工作。
no example found
an aristocratic family	貴族家庭
The sheep were grazing on the lush green pastures.	羊群正在鬱鬱蔥蔥的牧場上吃草。
The president has accused two cabinet members of working secretly to undermine his position/him.	總統指責有兩位內閣部長在暗中算計他。
monetary policy	貨幣政策
His behaviour over the last few months has eroded my confidence in his judgment.	他過去幾個月的表現已經使我對他的判斷力漸漸失去了信心。
He was a young sailor on his first sea voyage.	他第一次出海航行時還是個年輕的水手。
There have been reports of a masked man prowling in the neighbourhood.	有人報告說有一個蒙面人在附近出沒。
The book contains a great deal of peripheral detail.	書中有大量無關緊要的細節。
analogous to The experience of a mystic trance is in a sense analogous to sleep or drunkenness.
no example found
no example found
infinitesimally small
The planet Jupiter contains large amounts of the primordial gas and dust out of which the solar system was formed.	木星含有大量的原始氣體和塵埃，太陽系就是由這些氣體和塵埃形成的。
an irresistible offer	無法拒絕的提議
no example found
a pair of oars	一副槳
no example found
no example found
Sea water percolates down through the rocks.	海水透過岩石滲漏下去。
no example found
Chalk has a high permeability (= liquids easily pass through it).	粉筆的滲透性很強。
The gold was hidden in a secret cavity.	黃金藏在一個隱秘的洞穴裡。
the aridity of much of the Australian interior	澳大利亞內陸大部分地區的乾旱狀態
Reduction in government spending will necessitate further cuts in public services.	削減政府開支必定會使民眾服務進一步減少。
Their apartment is devoid of all comforts.	他們的公寓沒有任何能提供舒適享受的設施。
She isn't very susceptible to flattery.	她不太聽信別人的奉承。
Somebody trampled all over my flowerbeds!	有人把我的花壇全部踩壞了！
crustal displacement	地殼移位
They were making a tremendous amount of noise last night.	昨晚他們弄出的噪聲震天響。
The rules were applied too rigorously.	對規則的執行太教條了。
a fertility symbol	生殖力的象徵
I felt very vulnerable, standing there without any clothes on.	一絲不掛地站在那裡，我感覺自己不堪一擊。
He disguised himself by wearing a false beard.	他粘上假鬍鬚偽裝自己。
She seems to have a natural affinity for/with water.	她好像天生就喜歡水。
a cargo/fishing/naval/patrol/sailing/supply vessel	貨船／漁船／海軍艦艇／巡邏艇／帆船／補給船
Loaded supermarket trolleys are often difficult to manoeuvre.	滿載的超市購物車往往很難控制方向。
The collection includes Islamic astrolabes made from the 11th through 16th centuries.	這批藏品包括1十一世紀到十六世紀製作的的伊斯蘭星盤。
The missile strike was devastating - the target was totally obliterated.	這次導彈襲擊是毀滅性的——目標蕩然無存。
an indistinct shape/sound/recollection	模糊的形狀／聲音／記憶
no example found
a camouflage jacket	迷彩夾克衫
a Caribbean carnival	加勒比海狂歡節
She's been in the limelight recently, following the release of her controversial new film.	近來隨著她這部頗具爭議的新片的發行，她受到了公衆的極大關注。
Male peacocks have beautiful plumage.	雄孔雀有美麗的羽毛。
no example found
They had a passionate courtship and a long, loving marriage.	他們經歷了轟轟烈烈的戀愛及長久恩愛的婚姻。
Bursa are fluid-filled sacs throughout the body whose function is to reduce friction between muscles and tendons as they move over bones.
She flung her arms around his neck.	她猛地摟住他的脖子。
pendulous blossoms	下垂的花朵
She sat through the whole meeting without uttering a word.	整個會議期間她一言不發。
Troops have been issued with new armour-piercing anti-tank grenades.	軍隊配備了新的反坦克穿甲槍榴彈。
In a number of developing countries, war has been an additional impediment to progress.	在一些發展中國家，戰爭成了發展的另一阻礙。
After the earthquake many roads were obstructed by collapsed buildings.	地震過後，許多道路都被倒塌的建築物堵住了。
beef/dairy cattle	肉／乳牛
In the case of the guinea pig, the number of offspring varies between two and five.	以豚鼠為例，它一胎產2到5個幼仔。
no example found
Eight species of worm were found in this area living commensally with other animals.	在該地區發現了 8 種與其它動物共生的蠕蟲。
These chemicals are known to be highly toxic to honeybees and other pollinators.	眾所周知，這些化學品對蜜蜂和其他傳粉昆蟲有劇毒。
no example found
no example found
no example found
Saliva is a liquid secreted by glands in or near the mouth.	唾液是由嘴中或嘴部周圍的腺體分泌的一種液體。
Cows and sheep are herbivores.	牛和羊是食草動物。
Men who do the cooking are something of a rarity.	做飯的男人還真是少見。
He has carved/made a niche for himself as a financial advisor.	他成為了財務顧問，為自己找到了合適的發展方向。
the Straits of Gibraltar	直布羅陀海峽
Tons of internationally donated food was distributed to the starving peasants.	數噸國際社會所捐贈的食品被分給了這些飢餓的農民。
Tomato plants should be staked.	番茄植株得用架子架起來。
France and Germany invest far more per capita in public transport than Britain.	法國和德國平均每人在公共交通上的投資遠高於英國。
I've got the hiccups.	我不斷地打嗝。
amniotic fluid	羊水
a congenital abnormality/disease	先天性畸形／疾病
This theory needs to be backed up with solid empirical data/evidence.	這個理論需要翔實的實驗資料／實際經驗來支援。
anecdotal evidence	趣聞軼事式的證據
A crisis of huge proportions impends in the area.	這個地區即將發生一場規模巨大的危機。
The new computer looked incongruous in the dark book-filled library.	這台新電腦在放滿書的昏暗圖書館中顯得很不協調。
no example found
I get out of breath with any kind of physical exertion.	我一做些體力勞動的工作就會上氣不接下氣。
iron/lead/wax/plastic/paper pellets	鐵／鉛／蠟／塑膠／紙丸
An unexpected surge in electrical power caused the computer to crash.	突然出現的電壓遽增導致電腦當機。
no example found
Fighting around the capital has intensified in the last few hours.	首都周圍的戰鬥在過去的幾小時裡變得更加激烈。
Traditionally, United Nations troops have been deployed only in a peacekeeping role.	傳統上，聯合國部隊的部署只用於維和目的。
Some of the old fortifications still exist.	一些古老的防禦工事仍然屹立不倒。
the imposition of the death penalty/martial law/sanctions	實施死刑／軍事管制／制裁
Drought has stunted (the growth of) this year's cereal crop.	乾旱阻礙了今年穀物的生長。
a growing disaffection with the country's political leaders	對該國政治領導人日益不滿
Sow the seeds in pots.	把這些種子種在花盆裡。
Their arguments inevitably end in tears.	他們的爭論不可避免地以眼淚告終。
There's a lot of friction between my wife and my mother.	我妻子和我母親之間有很多齟齬。
no example found
We export our products to countries as far afield as Japan and Canada.	我們的產品出口遠銷到日本、加拿大等國。
The picture captures the two lovers with their arms entwined.	這張照片拍攝到的是緊緊擁抱在一起的一對戀人。
auxiliary staff/nurses	輔助人員／助理護士
Regiments are usually commanded by a colonel and are sometimes made up of soldiers from a particular city or part of the country.	團通常由上校指揮，有時其士兵都來自某個城市或國家的某個特定地區。
It has been returned to the shop from whence it came.	已經把它退還給原商店了。
New York is a highly cosmopolitan city.	紐約是個國際化程度很高的大都市。
Troops are garrisoned in the area.	部隊在這個地區駐防。
a bovine virus	牛（痘）病毒
no example found
a granular texture	粒狀結構
She's been making up for her past misdeeds by doing a lot of voluntary work.	她一直在做大量志願工作來彌補她過去的罪行。
a proficient swimmer	游泳好手
no example found
It's very clement for the time of year.	這樣的天氣對現在這個時節來說是非常宜人的。
We have evidence to substantiate the allegations against him.	我們有證據支持對他的指控。
"The mind is an ocean" and "the city is a jungle" are both metaphors.	「思維是海洋」和「城市是叢林」都是隱喻。
Tropical rainforest is a very complex biome.	熱帶雨林是一個非常複雜的生物群系。
He looked spruce and handsome in a clean white shirt.	他穿著乾淨的白襯衫，顯得清清爽爽，很是帥氣。
Switzerland is a heterogeneous confederation of 26 self-governing cantons.	瑞士是一個由26個不同的自治州組成的聯邦。
Synthetic fabrics are less susceptible to shrinkage than natural ones.	化纖布料比天然布料不易縮水。
Cooling the beaker helps precipitate the compound.	讓燒杯降溫有助於化合物沉澱。
He left the priesthood in 1970 and settled in the Washington area shortly thereafter (= soon after that).	他在1970年結束牧師生涯，不久以後在華盛頓地區定居。
The sample of people questioned was drawn from the university's student register and stratified by age and gender.	調查問卷的抽樣人群選自大學的學生名單，按年齡和性別分組。
no example found
the southern fringe of the city	城市的南部邊緣
an alluvial plain	沖積平原
fecund soil	肥沃的土壤
no example found
no example found
Mules are usually sterile.	騾子通常無法生育。
Financial problems have been plaguing their new business partners.	財務問題一直困擾著他們的新業務夥伴。
The past two years have seen the proliferation of TV channels.	過去的兩年見證了電視頻道（數量的）激增。
He had to sell his car to repay the bank loan.	他不得不賣了車還銀行貸款。
the New Jersey Turnpike	新澤西付費高速公路
But still the economy is not showing signs of any of the excesses that normally presage a recession.	但經濟仍未顯露出任何過剩的跡象，這些跡象通常預示經濟衰退。
Most of the old road has been superseded by the great interstate highways.	大多數的舊公路都被寬闊的州際公路取代了。
The ship carries both freight and passengers.	這艘船既載貨又載客。
She is a very accomplished hunter and forager.	她是一個非常熟练的獵人和覓食者。
the foothills of the Pyrenees	庇裡牛斯山脈山麓丘陵
a sedentary job/occupation	久坐的工作／職業
from afar People came from afar to see the show.	人們從很遠的地方趕來觀看表演。
a cramped room/house	狹小的房間／房子
They'd dug a shallow pit and left the bodies in it.	他們挖了一個淺坑把屍體扔在裡面。
no example found
The grass is still damp.	草還有些潮濕。
The prisoners were subsisting on a diet of bread and water.	犯人靠麵包和水勉強度日。
Is/Are the whole clan coming to visit you for Christmas?	你那一大幫親戚聖誕節都要來探望你嗎？
There are several hotels in the immediate vicinity of the station.	就在車站附近有好幾家飯店。
a burial mound (= a place where people were buried in ancient times)	墓塚
Einkorn is one of the oldest cultivated grains known to man.	單粒小麥是人類已知的最古老的栽培谷物之一。
Pulses include peas, lentils, and chickpeas.	豆類包括豌豆、小扁豆和鷹嘴豆。
no example found
She found lipstick on his shirts - the telltale sign that he was having an affair.	她發現他的襯衫上有口紅印——這可是他有外遇的跡象。
There seems to have been some abrasion of the surface.	表面好像有些磨損。
no example found
a herd of cattle/elephants/goats	一群牛／大象／山羊
Let's confine our discussion to the matter in question, please!	請把討論集中在正題上！
Most dead birds are picked up by crows or other scavengers.
They have undergone petrification.	它們已石化。
a plain gold ring with no ornamentation	沒有任何裝飾的普通金戒指
The silhouette of the bare tree on the hill was clear against the winter sky.	在冬日天空的映襯下，山上光禿禿的樹影清晰可見。
Is there any prospect of the weather improving?	天氣有可能好轉嗎？
a concrete/marble slab	水泥／大理石板
no example found
no example found
Blood was still oozing out of the wound.	傷口還在往外滲血。
They used sleep deprivation as a form of torture.	他們把不讓人睡覺作為一種折磨人的手段。
Her latest fashion collection features shimmering iridescent materials.	她最近推出的時裝系列的特色是採用閃閃發亮、色彩斑斕的布料。
Maple syrup is obtained from the sap of the sugar maple tree.	楓糖漿是從糖楓樹的樹汁中提煉的。
Building of the new library should begin in the latter part of next year.	新圖書館的建設應該在明年下半年開工。
She fractured her skull in the accident.	她在事故中顱骨骨折。
a tribe of Somalian desert nomads	索馬利沙漠裡的遊牧部落
"I don't have time to deal with it today," she said brusquely.	「我今天沒有時間處理這個問題，」她粗魯地說。
Roses and geraniums are perennials, flowering year after year.	玫瑰和天竺葵是多年生植物，年復一年地開花。
a tidal river	感潮河
The beans will only germinate if the temperature is warm enough.	豆只有在溫度足夠高時才會發芽。
a gravel path	石子路
Does Jake go to a nursery or a childminder?	傑克是去托兒所還是由家庭保育員照顧？
We've seen a deterioration in relations between the countries.	我們看到國家之間的關係惡化。
In 1880 Alexander Graham Bell was granted a patent on an apparatus for signalling and communicating called a Photophone.	亞歷山大‧格拉漢姆‧貝爾發明了一個可用來發送和傳輸訊號，稱為「光線電話」的裝置，並於1880年獲授了此裝置的專利權。
The two presidents have had candid talks about the current crisis.	兩位總統就當前的危機進行了坦率的交談。
House prices have plummeted in recent months.	房價近幾個月來暴跌。
an assortment of vegetables	雜菜
The film is full of allusions to Hitchcock.	這部電影處處都在向希區考克致敬。
The Mona Lisa has a famously enigmatic smile.	蒙娜麗莎的神秘微笑非常有名。
She has the most peculiar ideas.	她的想法非常古怪。
She is something of an enigma.	她有點讓人捉摸不透。
They find the company's attitude perplexing and unreasonable.	他們覺得這家公司的態度令人困惑而且不合理。
We seemed to spend the last mile of the walk knee-deep in sludge.	最後的一英里路我們似乎完全走在沒膝的爛泥中。
Some cities in the world do not have proper facilities for the disposal of sewage.	世界上的某些城市沒有適當的污水處理設施。
The era was characterized by political and cultural turbulence.	在那個時代裡，政治和文化都動盪不安。
He gave a lecture on crop and animal husbandry.	他舉辦了一個關於農作物種植和動物養殖的講座。
no example found
no example found
I could just discern a figure in the darkness.	在黑暗中我只能看出一個人影。
Cannabis has been used for medicinal purposes since antiquity.	自古以來，大麻就一直用於治病。
Are there any species of frog indigenous to the area?	這個地區是否有本地品種的青蛙？
We chose some curtains with a flower motif.	我們選擇了一些帶花卉圖案的窗簾。
Keep to the pavement, Rosie, there's a good girl.	沿著人行道走，羅茜，乖孩子。
The birds learn to peck holes in the milk bottle tops.	鳥兒學習在牛奶瓶的蓋上啄洞。
Polyurethane varnish provides a tough, scratch-resistant finish.	聚胺酯罩光漆可以形成一層堅硬防劃的表面。
Use a thermometer to gauge the temperature.	用溫度計測量一下溫度。
Oil spills and seepage from refineries are common.	煉油廠的石油泄漏和滲漏情況很常見。
My mother always used to wax lyrical about the lemon trees in her family's garden.	我母親過去總是會深情地談起她家中花園裡的那些檸檬樹。
Some of the most disturbed children had witnessed really traumatic things, such as rape and murder.	有些心理極不正常的孩子曾經目睹給他們造成精神創傷的事情，例如強姦和謀殺。
My arguments with the boss got worse and worse, and finally culminated in my resignation.	我和老闆的爭吵日益惡化，直到最終我決定換工作。
arable farming/farmers/farms/land	耕作農業／從事耕作農業的人／適宜墾植的農場／可耕地
no example found
Put your foot into cold water to help the swelling go down.	把腳放到涼水裡泡一下，有助消腫。
Is it more democratic to hold a referendum, rather than let the government alone decide?	進行一次全民公決，而不是由政府自己作出決定，是不是要更民主些？
The fund was increased by the accretion of new shareholders.	由於新股東的逐漸加入，資金增加了。
Building at the site was halted after human remains were unearthed earlier this month.	自從本月初在工地挖出人類遺骸之後，施工就停止了。
In the distance, we could see a herd of elephants lumbering across the plain.	我們可以看見遠處有一群大象緩緩穿過平原。
to convulse with pain	痛苦地抽搐
The world premiere of the opera will be at the Metropolitan Opera House in New York.	這部歌劇的世界首演將在紐約的大都會歌劇院舉行。
Babies like to gnaw hard objects when they're teething.	嬰兒在長牙時喜歡啃咬硬物。
We had splendid food/a splendid holiday/splendid weather.	我們的食物／我們的假期／我們碰到的天氣簡直太棒了。
The merger proved to be very lucrative for both companies.	事實證明，這次兼併使兩間公司都獲利豐厚。
Allow the meat to thaw completely before cooking it.	烹製這些肉之前要先徹底解凍。
luminous clothing	夜光服
I am sure that common sense will prevail in the end.	我相信常識最終會獲勝。
The Princess Royal is a well-known patron of several charities.	眾所周知，長公主是好幾家慈善機構的贊助人。
a beautiful tenth-century mosaic	一幅美麗的10世紀鑲嵌畫
She sat back for a minute to ponder her next move in the game.	她在椅背上靠了一會兒，思考下一步棋該怎麼走。
As the boat picked up speed, the coastline receded into the distance until finally it became invisible.	船越開越快，海岸線漸漸遠去，直至最後從視線中消失。
He took a tortuous route through back streets.	他選擇穿過偏僻的街道，走了一條彎彎曲曲的路線。
no example found
The company hoped to profit from the burgeoning communications industry.	公司希望能從迅速發展的通訊業中獲利。
The prime minister, he said, had the party's unequivocal support.	他說首相得到了全黨堅定不移的支援。
He was a feeble, helpless old man.	他是一個虛弱無助的老人。
Thousands of people were slaughtered in the civil war.	成千上萬的人在內戰中慘遭屠殺。
The town finally succumbed last week after being pounded with heavy artillery for more than two months.	在遭受了兩個多月的猛烈炮火轟擊後，小鎮最終在上星期放棄抵抗。
members of the aristocracy	貴族階級成員
High tides have swamped the coast.	高漲的潮水淹沒了海岸。
Shall we hail a taxi?	我們要叫計程車嗎？
[ + (that) ] The two men allege (that) the police forced them to make false confessions.	這兩名男子聲稱警方逼迫他們作假口供。
The army recaptured the town from the rebels.	軍隊從叛亂分子手中收復了這座城鎮。
One of the aims of ethnography is to contribute to an understanding of the human race.	編寫人種誌的目的之一是促進對人類的了解。
a precious gift	珍貴的禮物
a vestigial organ/limb/tail	退化的器官／上肢／尾巴
wind propulsion	風力推進
a rocket propelled through space	在推力作用下穿越外太空的火箭
In good condition, dolls from this period sell for £500 apiece.	這個時期的玩偶，如果保存完好的話，每個可以賣到500英鎊。
She invited all her friends to her party, but only a handful of them turned up.	她請了很多朋友參加她的派對，但只有少數幾個到場。
Thousands of refugees are living in makeshift camps.	數千個難民居住在臨時帳篷裡。
The carnival was a magnificent spectacle.	嘉年華場面十分壯觀。
a wandering minstrel	到處流浪的吟遊歌手
All she gave him to eat was two minuscule pieces of toast.	她只給他吃了兩小片烤麵包。
The film's plot is predictable and the acting is mediocre.	這部影片的情節都能猜得到，演員的演技也不夠好。
Ventilate the room well while applying the paint.
The organization is stifled by bureaucratic inertia.	官僚主義的惰性扼殺了這個組織。
Wood and coal are both combustible substances.	木頭和煤炭都是易燃物質。
After languishing in obscurity for many years, her early novels have recently been rediscovered.	她的早期小說在沈寂多年後最近被重新發掘出來。
no example found
[ + speech ] "That doesn't concern you!" she retorted.	「那不關你的事！」她反駁道。
We have been inundated with requests for help.	求助申請多得讓我們應接不暇。
We enlisted some people to help prepare the food.	我們請了一些人來幫忙做飯。
That bookcase wobbles whenever you put anything on it.	那個書架你一放東西就搖搖晃晃。
no example found
no example found
Some bacteria can only live in anaerobic conditions.	有些細菌只能在無氧條件下生存。
The fierce sun parched the soil.	烈日讓土地乾涸。
Our goals are congruent; there is no conflict.	我們的目標是一致的，沒有衝突。
Preliminary results show that the vaccine is effective, but this has to be confirmed by further medical trials.	初查結果顯示疫苗是有效的，但這有待於進一步醫學實驗的證實。
The police are scouring the area for the missing child.	警方在這個地區四處搜查，尋找失蹤的孩子。
On screen Garbo had this great charisma so that you couldn't take your eyes off her.	在銀幕上，嘉寶魅力非凡，讓人無法將眼光從她身上移開。
Two shoppers were injured in the stampede as shop doors opened on the first day of the sale.	大特價的第一天商店開門時，人們蜂擁而入，導致兩名顧客受傷。
The lawyer contended (that) her client had never been near the scene of the crime.	該律師聲稱她的委託人從未走近過犯罪現場。
no example found
the remediation of reading problems	對閱讀問題的矯正
As she left the court, she was confronted by angry crowds who tried to block her way.	她離開法庭時，憤怒的人群試圖攔住她的去路。
ancient parchment	古代羊皮紙
He could feel his strength ebbing (away).	他能感覺到自己逐漸體力不支。
Shred the lettuce and arrange it around the edge of the dish.	將萵苣切成絲，擺在盤子邊緣。
She has rebutted charges that she has been involved in any financial malpractice.	面對指控，她反駁說她沒有參與任何金融營私舞弊案。
We'll never know exactly how she died; we can only conjecture.	我們永遠也不會知道她究竟是怎麽死的，只能猜測。
This, the president promised us, was a war against tyranny.	總統向我們承諾，這是一場反對暴政的戰爭。
Make sure students realize that "fat" is a pejorative word.	一定要讓學生明白 fat（肥胖）是貶損詞。
The triathlon is a great test of stamina.	三項全能運動是對耐力的極大考驗。
It's important to store perishable food in a cool place.	一定要把易變壞的食物存放在陰涼的地方。
They'll quite happily squander a whole year's savings on two weeks in the sun.	他們會心甘情願地花盡全年的積蓄，度過兩個星期的陽光假期。
I don't know why he gets so upset about something so trivial.	我不明白他因何為芝麻大的事也如此煩惱。
no example found
no example found
The two major companies have been tightening their stranglehold on the beer market.	兩大公司開始加強箝制啤酒市場。
It is well known that radiation can cause mutation.	眾所周知，輻射可以造成基因突變。
a knack for remembering faces	記人臉的本領
no example found
[ + to infinitive ] If you have not signed a contract, you are under no obligation to (= it is not necessary to) pay them any money.	如果你沒有簽合同，你就沒有義務付給他們錢。
no example found
an interim solution	暫時的解決辦法
ruthless ambition	冷酷無情的野心
The expression "boy band" is a 1990s coinage.	boy band（男孩樂團）是20世紀90年代的新詞語。
I thought that article was written at a very superficial level.	我認為那篇文章寫得很膚淺。
a night sky of multitudinous stars	群星璀璨的夜空
The newspaper gave an editorial appraisal of the government's achievements of the past year.	這家報紙發表社論，對政府在過去一年的功績作出評價。
There is no longer any stigma to being divorced.	離婚不再是甚麼恥辱的事了。
the remnants of last night's meal	昨晚的剩飯
A rotting branch protruded from the swamp like a ghostly arm.	一根腐爛的樹枝像鬼的手臂一樣從沼澤裡伸出來。
There is little doubt that poor medical treatment hastened her death.	毫無疑問，劣質的治療加速了她的死亡。
100 g of desiccated coconut	100克椰子乾
sporadic gunfire	零星的炮火
nasal passages	鼻道
an entertaining film with little artistic merit	一部有趣但藝術價值不高的電影
Those bananas aren't ripe yet - they're still green.	那些香蕉還沒有成熟——還是綠的。
Sovereign power is said to lie with the people in some countries, and with a ruler in others.	據說，在某些國家中最高統治權歸於人民，而在其他國家則掌握在統治者手中。
She is of a nervous/cheerful/sunny disposition.	她神經質／性情開朗／性格陽光。
[ + adj ] Find something to wedge the window open/closed with.	找個甚麼東西楔住窗戶，讓它開著／關緊。
A couple of victories would improve the team's morale enormously.	如果能取得幾次勝利，隊伍的士氣就能大大提高。
You make wine by leaving grape juice to ferment until all the sugar has turned to alcohol.	釀葡萄酒是讓葡萄汁發酵，直到所有的糖分都轉化為酒精。
a fierce attack/battle	猛烈的進攻／激烈的戰鬥
The watch mechanism is extremely intricate and very difficult to repair.	手錶的機械結構非常複雜精密，很難修理。
It can be dangerous to let too much soot accumulate inside a chimney.	煙囪裡堆積過多的煤灰是很危險的。
At closing time he reeled out of the bar and fell down on the pavement.	酒吧關門時，他踉踉蹌蹌走了出來，一跤摔在人行道上。
Mundane matters such as paying bills and shopping for food do not interest her.	她對付帳單、購買食物等瑣事不感興趣。
Her face emanated sadness.	她臉上露出傷心的表情。
no example found
lavish gifts/promises/praise	奢華的禮物／慷慨的允諾／毫不吝惜的讚揚
The soccer fans indulged their patriotism, waving flags and singing songs.	足球迷搖著旗唱著歌，縱情抒發他們的愛國熱情。
They have to dredge the canal regularly to keep it open.	爲了保持運河的暢通他們必須定期進行清淤作業。
You can grow dwarf conifers in pots on the patio.	你可以在陽臺上種些矮小的針葉樹盆栽。
an eminent historian	聲名顯赫的歷史學家
carnivorous plants	食肉植物
The getaway car had been ditched a couple of miles away from the scene of the robbery.	逃離現場用的車輛被丟棄在距搶劫地兩英里以外的地方。
With little equipment and unsuitable footwear, she epitomizes the inexperienced and unprepared mountain walker.	她幾乎沒有帶任何裝備，穿的鞋也不合適，是一個典型的缺乏經驗、準備不足的登山客。
diplomatic negotiations	外交談判
The cells elongate as they take in water.	細胞吸水後變長。
She unsuccessfully attempted to assume the mantle of the presidency.	她想接任總統，但未成功。
She has that intangible quality which you might call charisma.	她具有一種難以捉摸的特質，你或許會稱之為個人魅力。
Some people feel nostalgia for their schooldays.	有些人對自己的學生時代充滿了懷舊之情。
They were warned of the ecological catastrophe to come.	他們收到警告，生態災難即將來臨。
Nothing you can say will dampen her enthusiasm.	不管你說甚麼，她的熱情仍絲毫不減。
She began to summarize the salient features/points of the proposal.	她開始總結提議中的重點／要點。
She gulped down her drink and made a hasty exit.	她大口喝下飲料後急匆匆地出去了。
pulverized coal/bones	煤粉／骨粉
a formidable obstacle/task	令人生畏的障礙／任務
Her dress was tightly belted, accentuating the slimness of her waist.	她裙子的衣帶繫得很緊，凸顯出苗條的腰身。
The police are sifting the evidence very carefully to try and find the guilty person.	員警正在非常仔細地檢查證據，試圖找出罪犯。
Her imagination was kindled by the exciting stories her grandmother told her.	她祖母給她講述的精彩故事激發了她的想像力。
The airborne radioactive particles have covered a huge area of Russia.	透過空氣傳播的放射性粒子覆蓋了俄羅斯廣大地區。
She ended the concert with a powerful rendition of "I Will Always Love You".	她以對《我會永遠愛你》的強有力的詮釋結束了音樂會。
He is impervious to criticism and rational argument.	他對批評和說理都無動於衷。
You can't really extrapolate a trend from such a small sample.	你不能單憑這樣一件小小的樣品就推斷出潮流的真正發展趨勢。
Hundreds of people flocked to the football match.	數百人蜂擁前來觀看足球比賽。
That look of grief would be imprinted on her mind forever.	那種悲傷的神情會永遠印在她的腦海中。
This is one of the country's foremost arts centres.	這是全國最重要的藝術中心之一。
Bergman's films are often full of gloom and despair.	伯格曼導演的電影通常都彌漫著憂鬱和絕望的氣氛。
greasy food/dishes/skin/hair	油膩的食物／油乎乎的盤子／油性皮膚／油性頭髮
dress fabric	裙裝衣料
the gallery's elegant 18th-century façade	美術館建於18世紀典雅的正面
a bounteous crop	大豐收
The design is incised into a metal plate.	這圖案是刻在金屬板上的。
The news astounded me.	聽到這個消息，我非常震驚。
Gases liquefy under pressure.	氣體在壓力作用下會液化。
juvenile crime/offenders	青少年犯罪／少年罪犯
affluent nations/neighbourhoods	富有國家／富人區
Leather is very much in fashion this season, as is the ubiquitous denim.	皮裝在這個季節非常流行，當然牛仔服也似乎無處不在。
He was a benevolent old man and wouldn't hurt a fly.	他是個仁慈的老人，連一隻蒼蠅都不願傷害。
How could you humiliate me by questioning my judgment in front of everyone like that?	你怎麼能那樣當眾質疑我的判斷，令我丟臉？
a masculine appearance/voice	男性外表／嗓音
a bridge designed to withstand earthquakes	具有抗震設計的橋樑
A strong opposition is vital to a healthy democracy.	有一個強大的反對黨對於健康的民主制度來說非常重要。
an arduous climb/task/journey	舉步維艱的攀登／艱巨的任務／艱難的旅程
He inflated the balloons with helium.	他給氣球充了氦氣。
The police officer said that he had placed the man under arrest and that a scuffle had ensued.	那名員警說他逮捕了那個男子後隨即發生了扭打。
The difference between the two products is negligible.	兩種產品之間的差異微乎其微。
What acreage is her estate?	她的莊園佔地面積是多少？
The accident was the inevitable consequence/result/outcome of carelessness.	這次意外是粗心導致的必然結果。
René Descartes is regarded as the founder of modern philosophy.	勒奈‧笛卡爾被視為現代哲學的奠基人。
grandiose schemes/designs/ideas for making money	不切實際的賺錢計劃／方案／想法
no example found
Hotel guests are requested to vacate their rooms by noon.	飯店房客務請在中午之前退房。
The church was destroyed in the bombing but the altar survived intact.	教堂在轟炸中被毀，但神壇卻完好無損。
The two of them seem unable to control their sexual urges.	他們兩個似乎慾火焚身。
arboreal animals	樹棲動物
no example found
Researchers at universities are always bemoaning their lack of funds.	大學裡的研究人員總是抱怨資金不足。
a succulent peach.	多汁的桃子
It's a delightful inn, picturesquely situated on the Union Canal.	這是一家令人愉快的小旅館，坐落在聯合運河之畔，風景如畫。
The remains of the Roman fort are well preserved.	這個羅馬要塞的遺址保存完好。
These recently published figures bode ill/do not bode well for the company's future.	最近公佈的數字預示著公司的前景不妙。
Pregnant women often suffer from iron deficiency.	孕婦常常缺鐵。
a crude device/weapon	簡陋的裝置／粗製的武器
Ice age bones are being excavated in the caves.	冰河時期的遺骸正從岩洞中發掘出來。
He enjoyed the trappings of power, such as a chauffeur-driven car and bodyguards.	他喜歡權力帶來的一切，比如有專職司機和保鏢。
The painting portrays a beautiful young woman in a blue dress.	這幅畫描繪的是一位身穿藍色連衣裙的美麗少女。
Let's confine our discussion to the matter in question, please!	請把討論集中在正題上！
The seat belt has creased my blouse.	安全帶把我的襯衫弄皺了。
She dismantled the washing machine to see what the problem was, but couldn't put it back together again.	她拆開洗衣機想看看出了甚麽問題，但是卻裝不起來了。
There were two huge oil refineries on the coast.	海岸邊曾有兩個大型煉油廠。
I spilled coffee on my silk shirt.	我把咖啡灑到絲綢襯衫上了。
no example found
The game is notoriously difficult to play.	這款遊戲是出名地難玩。
A diet deficient in vitamin D may cause the disease rickets.	飲食中缺乏維他命D可導致佝僂病。
He put his hands around her slender waist.	他雙手摟住了她纖細的腰。
She has amassed a huge fortune from her novels.	她靠寫小說慢慢積攢了一大筆錢。
Two years ago a question arose about the re-burial of ancient remains.	兩年前，出現了一個關於重新埋葬古代遺骸的議題。
He has some fanciful notion about converting one room of his apartment into a gallery.	他幻想把他公寓的一個房間改成畫廊。
the prevailing attitude	普遍的觀點
no example found
an undisputed fact	不容置疑的事實
The book's locale is a coastal town in the summer of 1958.	書中所講的故事發生在1958年夏天的一個海濱小鎮。
The stadium was littered with the detritus of yesterday's concert.	體育館裡到處都是昨天舉行音樂會後留下的垃圾。
Queen Victoria reigned over Britain from 1837 to 1901.	維多利亞女王自1837年到1901年間在位統治英國。
grains of wheat/rice	麥／米粒
The grain is still milled locally.	穀物仍然在當地碾磨。
I felt a cold draft and the candle started to flicker.	我感到一陣冷風襲來，燭光開始搖曳起來。
The engine puffed a huge cloud of steam, then rolled down the tracks.	火車頭噴出一大股水蒸氣，沿著軌道開始移動。
Michelangelo was apprenticed to Ghirlandaio in Florence for three years.	米開朗基羅曾在佛羅倫斯師從基爾蘭達約三年。
We had to endure a nine-hour delay at the airport.	航班延誤，我們不得不在機場苦等了九個小時。
The suggestion is sheer nonsense.	這個建議純粹是胡言亂語。
the frontal lobe of the brain	大腦的前葉
He and his wife went on a cruise to the Bahamas.
This little stream can become a deluge when it rains heavily.	遇到暴雨的時候，這條小溪的水勢就會猛漲。
The ocean was too turbulent for us to be able to take the boat out.	大海波濤洶湧，我們無法駕船出海。
It was a stark room with a bed and chair as the only furniture.	這個房間很簡陋，僅有的傢俱就是一張床和一把椅子。
He failed to turn up for the concert, disappointing the legions of fans waiting outside.	他沒有在音樂會上露面，這讓等在場外的衆多歌迷感到非常失望。
Managers can become wedded to a certain way of doing things.	管理人員在行事方式上可能會形成一套固定的做法。
[ + that ] The president said it was imperative that the release of all hostages be secured.	總統說當務之急是確保所有人質都獲釋。
He regards the political process with disdain.	他對這一政治進程持鄙視的態度。
If teaching paid more it might attract people of (a) higher calibre.	如果提高教師的工資，也許會吸引更高水準的人才。
Liz has a fixation with food.	莉茲有戀食癖。
It is not possible to pinpoint precisely the time of death.	準確地確定死亡時間是不可能的。
Food and clean water were becoming scarce.	食物和乾淨的水越來越少了。
Few plants can grow in such a frigid environment.	幾乎沒有甚麽植物能夠在如此寒冷的環境下生長。
the torrid heat of August	八月的酷熱
Thousands of people crippled by osteoporosis could benefit from a drug that can actually rebuild their bones.
Her office is at the end of the corridor.	她的辦公室在走廊盡頭。
The family's business was horse-breeding.	這家人以養馬為業。
My tomatoes are flourishing this summer - it must be the warm weather.	今年夏天我的番茄長勢很好——這一定是天氣暖和的原因。
Insurance is a very difficult market to get a toehold in.	在保險市場中立足很難。
no example found
Cork is light and buoyant.	軟木質輕，可浮在水上。
no example found
a glass ornament	玻璃飾物
no example found
no example found
The old corrupt, totalitarian regime was overthrown.	腐敗的舊極權政府被推翻。
We had a perfectly divine time in Switzerland.	我們在瑞士度過了一段非常美好的時光。
He took off his coat/hat and hung it on the peg.	他脫下大衣／帽子，掛在衣鉤上。
to grind coffee	磨咖啡豆
The sky/weather was overcast.	天空／天氣陰沉沉的。
[ + (that) ] The police surmise (that) the robbers have fled the country.	據警方推測，搶劫犯已經逃離這個國家。
Very high taxes have recently been imposed on cigarettes.	最近對香煙開徵很高的稅。
the textile industry	紡織業
This year (a) severe drought has ruined the crops.	今年嚴重的旱災把莊稼都給毀了。
no example found
She embodied good sportsmanship on the playing field.	在運動場上，她展現了優秀的體育精神。
Sadly, my feelings for him were not reciprocated.	很不幸，我為他付出的感情沒有得到回報。
People who work with furnaces in a steel factory need to wear protective clothing.	鋼廠裡在熔爐邊工作的人都需要穿防護服。
He always comes back from France laden with presents for everyone.	他從法國回來總是給大家帶很多禮物。
The first white settlers journeyed across America in covered wagons.	最早的白人定居者是駕著大篷車穿越美洲大陸的。
The flange around the wheels on railway trains helps to keep them on the rails.	火車輪的輪緣能將車輪卡在軌道上。
Her knowledge is still only rudimentary.	她仍然只是粗通皮毛。
After the bars close, gangs of youths roam the city streets.	酒館關門後，成群結夥的年輕人在城裡街道上遊蕩。
the parish church/magazine/priest/register	教區教堂／雜誌／神父／登記簿
no example found
The report shows that drugs have penetrated every stratum of American society.	報告顯示，毒品已經滲入美國社會的各個階層。
no example found
Leather is very much in fashion this season, as is the ubiquitous denim.	皮裝在這個季節非常流行，當然牛仔服也似乎無處不在。
no example found
I have four siblings: three brothers and a sister.	我有四個兄弟姐妹：三個兄弟，一個姐姐。
a plausible explanation/excuse	貌似有理的解釋／藉口
The political repression in this country is enforced by terror.	這個國家透過恐怖統治來實行政治高壓。
no example found
no example found
While she was in Hawaii, she studied the local flora and fauna.	她在夏威夷的時候，研究了當地的動植物群。
no example found
The sand and mud layers are interbedded with sheets of charcoal.	沙層和泥層與木炭層交替出現。
no example found
tuna/olives in brine	鹽水吞拿魚／鹽津橄欖
social/national cohesion	社會／國家凝聚力
an unhealthy obsession with death	總是想到死的不健康念頭
The novelty of these toys soon wore off and the children became bored with them.	孩子們對這些玩具的新鮮感很快就消失了，開始厭倦起來。
Dogs were probably the first animals to be domesticated.	狗很可能是最早被馴化的動物。
no example found
Sorghum is planted earlier than cotton and matures when the cotton is still growing.
no example found
no example found
She has a doctorate in metallurgy from the University of Utah.	她在猶他大學獲得了冶金學的博士學位。
an ingenious idea/method/solution	巧妙的主意／方法／解決辦法
no example found
no example found
Islam's most sacred shrine is at Mecca in Saudi Arabia.	伊斯蘭教最神聖的聖殿位於沙烏地阿拉伯的麥加。
Research forms the predominant part of my job.	研究是我工作中的重要部分。
The country's most valuable commodities include tin and diamonds.	該國最有價值的商品包括錫和鑽石。
The court heard that the six defendants had been coerced into making a confession.	法庭在審理中發現六名被告曾受到迫供。
