rigorous testing/checking/methods	精確的測試／嚴格的檢查／嚴謹的方法
[ before noun ] At the age of 17 she is already one of Hollywood's most sought-after actresses.	她17歲時就是好萊塢最走紅的女演員之一了。
to solicit donations for a charity	呼籲人們捐款給慈善機構
Many experts remain skeptical about/of his claims.	很多專家對他的主張仍然持懷疑態度。
I reckon it's going to rain.	我覺得天要下雨了。
They won 4–0 in front of over 40,000 cheering spectators.	他們在四萬多名觀眾的加油聲中以四比零獲勝。
Her behaviour was very suspicious.	她的舉止相當可疑。
The poor dog - it's shivering!	可憐的狗——牠在發抖！
He was arrested at the airport with a kilo of heroin secreted in his clothing.	他在機場被捕時衣服裡藏了一公斤海洛因。
The new building has little aesthetic value/appeal.	新樓幾乎沒有甚麼美學價值。
Huge projects designed to aid poorer countries can sometimes do more harm than good.	旨在援助貧窮國家的龐大計劃有時反而會弊大於利。
The government's record will be subjected to/come under (close) scrutiny in the weeks before the election.	政府的作爲將在選前幾個星期接受審查。
On the hill, a solitary figure was busy chopping down trees.	山上，有個人正忙著砍樹。
He has been behaving with great singularity.	他的舉止一直都相當怪異。
cumbersome equipment	笨重的設備
sturdy walking boots	結實的徒步靴
The most stringent laws in the world are useless unless there is the will to enforce them.	除非能夠堅持嚴格執法，否則即使是世界上最嚴苛的法律也毫無用處。
drastic measures	嚴厲的措施
This story may prompt you to burst spontaneously into uncontrollable sobs.	這個故事可能會讓你不由自主地抽泣起來。
They bought a decaying 16th-century manor house and restored it to its original splendour.	他們買了一幢破敗的16世紀莊園宅邸，經過整修使它恢復了先前的富麗堂皇。
a tempting offer	誘人的提議
the teeming metropolis	熙熙攘攘的大都市
no example found
a burning sensation	灼燒的感覺
I caught a tantalizing glimpse of the sparkling blue sea through the trees.	透過樹叢，我瞥見了令我心馳神往波光粼粼的蔚藍色大海。
The country's most valuable commodities include tin and diamonds.	該國最有價值的商品包括錫和鑽石。
I didn't realize your husband was here, Dr Jones - I hope I'm not intruding.	瓊斯博士，我不知道您丈夫在這裡——但願我沒有打擾你們。
The celebrity guests turned up dressed in sumptuous evening gowns.	名流們身著奢華的晚禮服盛裝出席。
He suffered a second heart attack two days ago but his condition has now stabilized.	他兩天前心臟病再次發作，不過現在病情已經穩定了。
sporadic gunfire	零星的炮火
She isn't very susceptible to flattery.	她不太聽信別人的奉承。
Increasing instability is encouraging stockpiling.	越來越多的不穩定因素促使人們囤積物品。
a staunch friend and ally	忠實的朋友和盟友
The defendant stealthily entered the family home and kidnapped the daughter.	被告偷偷進入受害人家中，綁架了他們的女兒。
Walking swiftly, he was at the office within minutes.	他走得很快，幾分鐘後就到了辦公室。
During this freezing weather, the food put out by householders is the only form of sustenance that the birds have.	在這種嚴寒的天氣裡，住戶放在外面的食物成了鳥兒唯一的糧食。
