Some of her cognitive functions have been impaired.	她的部分認知能力受到了損害。
a burning sensation	灼燒的感覺
no example found
The headteacher spoke in a severe voice.	校長說話的口吻很嚴厲。
The city council has taken an uncompromising stand against the proposals for the new building.	關於建新大樓的提案，市政委員會持強硬的反對態度。
Plants must be strong enough to survive transplantation.	植物要足夠強壯才能在移植的時候存活下來。
a blood donor	捐血者
I'm trying to foster an interest in classical music in my children.	我正努力培養我的孩子們對古典音樂的興趣。
How do the French perceive the British?	法國人是如何看待英國人的？
Gathered all together in this church, we commemorate those who lost their lives in the war.	我們聚集在這座教堂裡，緬懷那些在大戰中喪生的人。
a devoted fan/husband	忠實的支持者／忠誠的丈夫
religious/moral convictions	宗教／道德信仰
It took hours of negotiations to bring about a reconciliation between the two sides.	雙方談了好幾個小時才達成和解。
He pays scant attention to the needs of his children.	他很少關心自己孩子的需求。
Recent research seems to corroborate his theory.	最新研究似乎證實了他的理論。
eccentric behaviour	怪異的行為
Life was transformed by the advent of the steam engine.	蒸汽機的出現使人類生活發生了翻天覆地的變化。
The whole country had tried to efface the memory of the old dictatorship.	整個國家都曾試圖將那段獨裁歷史從記憶中抹去。
They hold widely divergent opinions on controversial issues like abortion.	他們對墮胎等有爭議的問題的看法大相徑庭。
It is claimed that the officers tortured a man to death in a city police station.	據稱在一所市警察局裡，員警將一名男子拷打致死。
The paths all converge at the main gate of the park.	這幾條小路都在公園正門處交會。
Reading should be an adventure, a personal experience full of serendipitous surprises.
The government claims to be doing all it can to eradicate corruption.	政府聲稱正盡其所能根治腐敗。
He drove in an erratic course down the road.	他開車忽左忽右地在路上蛇行。
She was pulled from the car and raped.	她被拉出車外，遭到強暴。
a tribe of Amazonian Indians	亞馬孫河流域印第安人的一個部落
drastic measures	嚴厲的措施
no example found
The infection was probably caused by swimming in contaminated water/water contaminated with sewage.	這種感染可能是由於在受汙染的水/受汙水汙染的水中游泳而引起的。
She fled (from) the room in tears.	她哭著跑出房間。
His father is buried in the cemetery on the hill.	他的父親葬在山上的墓地裡。
extraneous information	無關訊息
Taxes provide most of the government's revenue.	政府收入的大部分來自稅收。
accustomed to She quickly became accustomed to his messy ways.	她很快就習慣了他的邋遢作風。
The airline has been criticized for failing to heed advice/warnings about lack of safety routines.	該航空公司因沒有理會針對其日常安全工作不力所提出的建議／警告而受到批評。
New students may be accommodated in halls of residence.	新生可以住在學校宿舍裡。
I'm genuinely sorry for what I said.	我對我説過的話表示真誠的歉意，真的很對不起。
a diligent student	用功的學生
inert gases	惰性氣體
a flattering photograph	更顯漂亮的照片
This book is an indispensable resource for researchers.	這本書是研究人員必不可少的資料。
She was too elderly and infirm to remain at home.	她過於年老體弱，無法繼續住在家裡。
Traditionally, United Nations troops have been deployed only in a peacekeeping role.	傳統上，聯合國部隊的部署只用於維和目的。
Are there any species of frog indigenous to the area?	這個地區是否有本地品種的青蛙？
an imposing mansion	雄偉壯觀的大廈
They inflated their part in the rescue every time they told the story.	他們每次講這個故事時都要誇大自己在營救中的貢獻。
The heat gradually dissipates into the atmosphere.	熱量逐漸消失在大氣中。
a formidable obstacle/task	令人生畏的障礙／任務
Vegetable prices fluctuate according to the season.	蔬菜價格隨著季節變化而漲落。
He tackled the problem in a typically haphazard manner.	像往常一樣，他處理這個問題時也很沒有章法。
She often cracks her knuckles when she's speaking - it's one of her little idiosyncrasies.	她講話時常常將指節捏得哢哢作響，這是她的一個小怪癖。
He was late, so he fabricated an excuse to avoid trouble.	他遲到了，就編了個理由以免惹上麻煩。
incursions into enemy territory	攻入敵方領土
Ice age bones are being excavated in the caves.	冰河時期的遺骸正從岩洞中發掘出來。
