no example found
There are dangers/risks inherent in almost every sport.	幾乎每種運動本身都帶有危險／風險。
gold coins salvaged from a shipwreck	從船隻殘骸中打撈出的金幣
an intriguing possibility/question	極具吸引力的可能性／問題
We have just received the information about the forthcoming conference.	我們剛剛收到即將舉行的大會的資料。
The merger proved to be very lucrative for both companies.	事實證明，這次兼併使兩間公司都獲利豐厚。
She has the most peculiar ideas.	她的想法非常古怪。
Doctors are legally obliged to take certain precautions.	法律規定醫生有責任採取某些預防措施。
a steam turbine	汽輪機
an obscure island in the Pacific	太平洋中的無名小島
The project has been delayed by innumerable problems.	由於問題太多，計劃已延遲。
an unhealthy obsession with death	總是想到死的不健康念頭
The entire project was meticulously planned.	整個項目經過了精心策劃。
All she gave him to eat was two minuscule pieces of toast.	她只給他吃了兩小片烤麵包。
Lead and tin are malleable metals.	鉛和錫都是具延展性的金屬。
The watch mechanism is extremely intricate and very difficult to repair.	手錶的機械結構非常複雜精密，很難修理。
I was impressed by the ingenuity and energy of the contestants.	參賽者的聰明才智和活力給我留下了深刻的印象。
The lawyers expressed serious doubts about the legitimacy of military action.	律師們對軍事行動的合法性表示強烈懷疑。
The station has jettisoned educational broadcasts.	電台已取消了教育廣播。
The train stopped unexpectedly and we were jolted forwards.	火車突然停住了，我們都猛然向前晃了一下。
Mundane matters such as paying bills and shopping for food do not interest her.	她對付帳單、購買食物等瑣事不感興趣。
I was worried that it might be too hard for me but it turned out the contrary was true.	我原來擔心那可能對我來說太難了，可是我發現恰恰相反。
He pacified his crying child with a bottle.	他用奶瓶來哄自己哭鬧的孩子。
high/low tide	高／低潮
I'm sure he says these things deliberately to annoy me.	我敢肯定他是故意說這些來氣我的。
opaque glass/tights	不透明的玻璃／連褲襪
The government has brutally crushed the rebellion.	政府殘酷鎮壓了叛亂。
He's been ordered to have the dog destroyed because it's dangerous, but he refuses to comply.	那隻狗很危險，因此他接到了把它人道毀滅的命令，但他拒絕服從。
no example found
She is hoping to get a loan from her bank to help her out of her financial predicament.	她希望能從銀行得到一筆貸款以擺脫經濟困境。
His contract precludes him from discussing his work with anyone outside the company.	合約中禁止他與公司外的人談論工作。
a regional dialect	地區方言
[ + to infinitive ] All the candidates have given/made pledges not to raise taxes if they are elected.	所有的候選人都保證當選後不增稅。
[ + to infinitive ] Illness and suffering seemed (to be) preordained to be her lot.	看來她命中註定了要遭受疾病和苦難。
She ornamented her letters with little drawings in the margin.	她在信的頁邊空白處畫上小圖案來作裝飾。
[ + that ] They had started with the premise that all men are created equal.	他們是從人人生而平等此一前提出發的。
By the age of 32 she had reached the pinnacle of her career.	她在32歲時事業達到巔峰。
Dissatisfaction with the government seems to have permeated every section of society.	社會的每一個角落似乎都瀰漫著對政府的不滿。
a predominantly Muslim community	回教徒佔絕大多數的社區
