Ventilate the room well while applying the paint.
The organization is stifled by bureaucratic inertia.	官僚主義的惰性扼殺了這個組織。
Wood and coal are both combustible substances.	木頭和煤炭都是易燃物質。
After languishing in obscurity for many years, her early novels have recently been rediscovered.	她的早期小說在沈寂多年後最近被重新發掘出來。
no example found
[ + speech ] "That doesn't concern you!" she retorted.	「那不關你的事！」她反駁道。
We have been inundated with requests for help.	求助申請多得讓我們應接不暇。
We enlisted some people to help prepare the food.	我們請了一些人來幫忙做飯。
That bookcase wobbles whenever you put anything on it.	那個書架你一放東西就搖搖晃晃。
no example found
no example found
Some bacteria can only live in anaerobic conditions.	有些細菌只能在無氧條件下生存。
The fierce sun parched the soil.	烈日讓土地乾涸。
Our goals are congruent; there is no conflict.	我們的目標是一致的，沒有衝突。
Preliminary results show that the vaccine is effective, but this has to be confirmed by further medical trials.	初查結果顯示疫苗是有效的，但這有待於進一步醫學實驗的證實。
The police are scouring the area for the missing child.	警方在這個地區四處搜查，尋找失蹤的孩子。
On screen Garbo had this great charisma so that you couldn't take your eyes off her.	在銀幕上，嘉寶魅力非凡，讓人無法將眼光從她身上移開。
Two shoppers were injured in the stampede as shop doors opened on the first day of the sale.	大特價的第一天商店開門時，人們蜂擁而入，導致兩名顧客受傷。
The lawyer contended (that) her client had never been near the scene of the crime.	該律師聲稱她的委託人從未走近過犯罪現場。
no example found
the remediation of reading problems	對閱讀問題的矯正
As she left the court, she was confronted by angry crowds who tried to block her way.	她離開法庭時，憤怒的人群試圖攔住她的去路。
ancient parchment	古代羊皮紙
He could feel his strength ebbing (away).	他能感覺到自己逐漸體力不支。
Shred the lettuce and arrange it around the edge of the dish.	將萵苣切成絲，擺在盤子邊緣。
She has rebutted charges that she has been involved in any financial malpractice.	面對指控，她反駁說她沒有參與任何金融營私舞弊案。
We'll never know exactly how she died; we can only conjecture.	我們永遠也不會知道她究竟是怎麽死的，只能猜測。
This, the president promised us, was a war against tyranny.	總統向我們承諾，這是一場反對暴政的戰爭。
Make sure students realize that "fat" is a pejorative word.	一定要讓學生明白 fat（肥胖）是貶損詞。
The triathlon is a great test of stamina.	三項全能運動是對耐力的極大考驗。
It's important to store perishable food in a cool place.	一定要把易變壞的食物存放在陰涼的地方。
They'll quite happily squander a whole year's savings on two weeks in the sun.	他們會心甘情願地花盡全年的積蓄，度過兩個星期的陽光假期。
I don't know why he gets so upset about something so trivial.	我不明白他因何為芝麻大的事也如此煩惱。
no example found
no example found
