His opponents cast aspersions on his patriotism.		
At some point we've got to discuss money but I don't know how to broach the subject with him.	我們最終必須談到錢，但我不知道如何向他提這個問題。		
a nuclear deterrent	核威懾力
porous soil with good drainage	有良好排水系統的滲漏性土壤		
no example found
no example found
There are dangers/risks inherent in almost every sport.	幾乎每種運動本身都帶有危險／風險。
They recently ran a series of tests to measure the efficacy of the drug.	他們最近進行了一系列的試驗來檢測這種藥的功效。
He had a very sensuous mouth.	他有一張非常性感的嘴。		
He writes in pellucid prose.	他寫的散文清楚易讀。		
Her business empire brought her wealth beyond the dreams of avarice (= an extremely large amount of money).	她的商業帝國帶給她的財富之巨是做夢都不敢想像的。
The manufacturers are reported to have received a litany of complaints from dissatisfied customers.	據報道，製造商已經收到了顧客一連串不滿意的投訴。		
Small businesses have proliferated in the last ten years.	在過去的十年裡，小型企業大量湧現。
He saw himself as the victim of a personal vendetta being waged by his political enemies.	他覺得自己成了政敵挑起的個人積怨的犧牲品。
sporadic gunfire	零星的炮火
It is hard for a sentient person to understand how any parents could treat their child so badly.	通人情的人很難理解一些父母怎麽能如此虐待自己的孩子。
no example found
They walked along the road together until they reached the village, but then their paths diverged.	他們一直沿著那條路走到那個村子，然後才分開。
The film "White Christmas" is a perennial favourite.	《白色聖誕》是一部經久不衰、深受歡迎的影片。		
no example found		
The country was swept by patriotic fervour.全國各地愛國情緒高漲。
luminous clothing夜光服
The strictures of the United Nations have failed to have any effect on the warring factions.	聯合國的譴責對交戰各方毫無影響力。		
his ineluctable fate他無法躲避的命運
He was a crucial ally who the country needed to appease.
The new ramp will facilitate the entry of wheelchairs.新的坡道將可方便輪椅進入。
The vacuum inside the tube caused it to implode when the external air pressure was increased.	隨著外部氣壓的增加，管內真空使管中發生內爆。		
the local patois當地的方言
no example found
Saliva is a liquid secreted by glands in or near the mouth.	唾液是由嘴中或嘴部周圍的腺體分泌的一種液體。		
People say it can cure colds, but I'm a skeptic.人們說它能治感冒，我有些懷疑。
Since the coup, the country has sunk deeper into a quagmire of violence and lawlessness.	自政變以來，該國越來越陷入了一種暴力肆虐、法律缺失的境地。		
"Can you trust him with this?" "Yes, he's the soul of discretion (= he will not tell other people)."	「在這件事上你能相信他嗎?」「當然，他可是個守口如瓶的人。」		
We found that with abstinence from smoking, the severity of symptoms decreased.
an execrable performance極拙劣的表演
They live a very ascetic life.	他們過著清心寡慾的生活。		
There's no point quibbling about/over a couple of dollars.	為幾塊錢而吵架毫無意義。		
no example found		
Any proposed abeyance of the bylaws must be approved by the entire committee.
thieves' argot小偷的黑話
no example found
Interest will accrue on the account at a rate of seven percent.帳戶上的存款將會以7%的利率生息。
The company has consistently denied responsibility, but it agreed to the settlement to avoid the expense of lengthy litigation.公司一直在推卸責任，但同意這一調解方案以避免漫長的訴訟所帶來的花費。
When his wife found out about all his trysts, he knew their marriage was over.
His reply to my question was somewhat ambiguous.他對我的提問回答得有些含糊不清。
Mr Turnock claimed the editorial had defamed him.特諾克先生聲稱那篇社論有損他的名譽。
The children made a collage of postcards.孩子用明信片製作了一幅拼貼畫。
That article was based on pure supposition.那篇文章純粹是基於推測。
You look like a real poseur in your fancy sports car!坐在昂貴的跑車裡，你看起來真夠招搖的！
sartorial elegance衣著高雅
He had coarse features, a blunt nose, and tumid and protruded lips.他五官粗糙，鼻子扁鈍，嘴唇腫脹突出。
The men who arrived in the guise of drug dealers were actually undercover police officers.以毒販身份到來的人實際上是臥底員警。
We are reducing the company's welter of development projects and will streamline sales and marketing.我們正在縮減公司雜亂無章的開發專案，並將精簡銷售和市場行銷部門。
no example found		
Times Square is the nexus of the New York subway.時代廣場是紐約地鐵的交會點。
He accused the minister of prevaricating.他指責部長一味搪塞。
The new cathedral was completed and consecrated in 2002.	新的大教堂於2002年竣工並祝聖。		
a stentorian preacher聲若洪鐘的牧師
no example found
He repudiated the allegation/charge/claim that he had tried to deceive them.他們指控／譴責／聲稱他企圖欺騙他們，他對此進行了駁斥。
The government is trying to allay public fears/concern about the spread of the disease.政府正努力消除公眾對疾病蔓延的恐懼／擔心。
Most of the old road has been superseded by the great interstate highways.大多數的舊公路都被寬闊的州際公路取代了。
After a long fallow period, the author has brought out a new book.	沉寂了很長一段時間以後，這位作者推出了一本新書。		
an austere childhood during the war	戰火中艱苦的童年生活		
a disinterested observer/judgment公正的觀察員／判斷
translucent plastic/glass半透明的塑膠／玻璃
no example found
He was chastened by the defeat and determined to work harder.失敗磨煉了他，他決心更加努力地工作。
What we are witnessing is the country's slow slide into anarchy.我們現在親眼目睹著該國慢慢陷入無政府狀態。
an extemporaneous speech即席演講
She is a person of great magnanimity and vision.她是一個具有偉大氣度和遠見的人。
Sundry distant relatives, most of whom I hardly recognized, turned up for my brother's wedding.遠房親戚都來參加我哥哥的婚禮，大多數我都不太認識。
The newspaper report detailed the fraudster's multifarious business activities.報紙上的這篇報道詳述了騙子形形色色的商業詐騙活動。
the beauty of her refulgent face她熠熠生輝的面龐所表現出的美麗
Intensive farming has desiccated the land.		
The police saturated (= a large number of police officers were sent into) the area.	大批員警被派往該地區。		
There have been monumental social and demographic changes in the country.	該國的社會和人口狀況已經發生了巨大的變化。		
Love burgeoned between them.他們雙雙迅速墜入愛河。
Some people feel nostalgia for their schooldays.有些人對自己的學生時代充滿了懷舊之情。
no example found
Shelley's friendship with Byron was rooted in their shared contempt for cant and hypocrisy.	雪萊和拜倫的友誼源於他們均蔑視假話空話和偽善行為。		
the soporific effect of the heat炎熱天氣的催眠作用
International opprobrium has been heaped on the country following its attack on its neighbours.該國襲擊鄰國之後，世界各國對其大張討伐。
He was injured in a Saturday-night fracas outside a disco.他星期六晚上在一家迪斯可舞廳外的一次鬥毆中受了傷。
a wistful smile嚮往的微笑
She resigned when she was relegated to a desk job.	因被降職做文書，她就辭了職。		
nuclear fusion核聚變
no example found
She accused the minister of equivocating, claiming that he had deliberately avoided telling the public how bad the problem really was.她指責部長含糊其詞，稱他故意不讓大眾知道問題真正嚴重到了甚麽地步。
This theory needs to be backed up with solid empirical data/evidence.這個理論需要翔實的實驗資料／實際經驗來支援。
Journalists do not divulge their sources.記者們不會透露消息來源。
no example found
I was completely mesmerized by the performance.	我完全被表演迷住了。		
Robert Burns is Scotland's most venerated poet.羅伯特·彭斯是蘇格蘭最受尊崇的詩人。
I'm particularly interested in the linguistic development of young children.我對幼兒語言能力的發展尤其感興趣。
Everywhere he goes he is surrounded by an entourage of toadies.
She is famous for her introspective songs about failed relationships.她因其反省失敗戀情的歌曲聞名。
If you have any queries about your treatment, the doctor will answer them.	您如果對治療有任何疑問，醫生將會做出解答。		
The biggest difficulty is overcoming natural British diffidence最大的困難是克服英國人天生的不自信心態。
a convivial atmosphere/host歡樂的氣氛／熱情的主人
a complacent smile/attitude自鳴得意的微笑／態度
Being an actor has a certain amount of kudos attached to it.做演員就伴有一定的職業光環。
a homogeneous group/society由同種族人組成的群體／社會
His mother admonished him for eating too quickly.	他媽媽告誡他不要吃得太快。		
no example found
He wasn't his usual ebullient self.一向熱情洋溢的他一反常態，好像換了個人似的。
no example found
The council has finally indicated its approbation of the plans.政務會最終表示批准這些計畫。
The paths all converge at the main gate of the park.	這幾條小路都在公園正門處交會。		
a vacuous remark/question/expression/smile空洞的評論／無知的問題／茫然的表情／傻笑
monolithic state-run organizations龐大的國營機構
intimate relationships	親密關係		
The two states are contiguous with/to each other, but the laws are quite different.這兩個州相毗鄰，但其法律卻大不相同。
the plaintive sound of the bagpipes悲涼的風笛聲
no example found
She seemed determined to goad him into a fight.她似乎鐵了心要激怒他來打一架。
These scandals will not enhance the organization's reputation.這些醜聞並不會提高這個組織的聲譽。
The girls were duped by drug smugglers into carrying heroin for them.	這些女孩受毒品走私販欺騙為他們運送海洛因。		
It was just a ruse to distract her while his partner took the money.這不過是一個轉移她注意力的伎倆，這樣他的同夥就可以把錢拿走。
Lambs were gambolling (about/around) in the spring sunshine.羔羊在春天的陽光中歡快地（到處）跳躍。
He certainly does not shy away from self-castigation, taking full responsibility for his part in the failure.
He launched into a long diatribe against the lack of action in Congress.他開始長篇大論地抨擊參議院行動不力。
Her speech was full of grandiloquent language, but it contained no new ideas.她的演講雖然充滿了華麗的詞藻，但卻沒有甚麼新意。
He stood around bantering with his colleagues.	他轉來轉去，與同事們打趣逗樂。		
He has a wonderful singing voice, with a rich timbre and resonant tone.他的歌聲真好聽——音色飽滿，聲音洪亮。
centripetal force向心力
a brief moment of levity amid the solemn proceedings嚴肅議程中的輕鬆一刻
He doesn't mouth platitudes about it not mattering who scores as long as the team wins.他不會說這樣老掉牙的話;只要球隊贏了，誰進球都不重要。
It is a tenet of contemporary psychology that an individual's mental health is supported by having good social networks.當代心理學的一個基本理念就是個人的心理健康有賴於良好的社交圈。
There is something disconcerting about the seeming atavism of demonstrators carrying torches.示威者拿著火把這種表面上的返祖行為似乎有一些令人不安的地方。
Now that she had begun, she wanted to plumb her own childhood further.	既然已經開始了，她就想深入發掘一番自己童年的故事。		
An elderly man from Hull has confounded doctors by recovering after he was officially declared dead.赫爾市的一位老人在被正式宣佈死亡後居然活了過來，令醫生們大惑不解。
a contrite apology/expression悔恨的道歉／表情
He's getting a bit cantankerous in his old age.他上了年紀，變得有些愛吵嘴還老抱怨。
an impermeable membrane防滲薄膜
no example found
a vapid reality TV show枯燥乏味的電視真人秀
to seek/apply for political asylum	尋求／申請政治庇護		
We have evidence to substantiate the allegations against him.我們有證據支持對他的指控。
Michelangelo's famous frescoes are in the Sistine Chapel.米開朗基羅創作的著名濕壁畫在羅馬的西斯廷教堂。
her ambivalence towards men她對男人的矛盾心理
the ship's log	該船的航海日誌		
Have you managed to elicit a response from them yet?你設法探到他們的反應了嗎？
abysmal working conditions	惡劣的工作環境		
It's yet another health product claiming to be the elixir of life/youth (= something to make you live longer/stay young).這又是一種號稱靈丹妙藥的保健産品，據說有延年益壽／永保青春之奇效。
an itinerant journalist/labourer/preacher四處奔波的記者／流動勞工／巡迴傳道者
It was agreed that the few students sedulous enough to read the book deserved top marks for diligence.大家同意，那些勤奮並讀了這本書的學生應該因為刻苦而得最高分。
The youngster makes no attempt to conceal his idolatry of his team-mate.	那個小夥子一點都沒掩蓋對隊友的崇拜。		
a beneficent aunt慈善的阿姨
a slow-moving and placid river平緩寧靜的河流
a fawning young man阿諛奉承的年輕人
The seven companies have an aggregate turnover of £5.2 million.	這七家公司的總營業額為520萬英鎊。		
the caste system種姓制度
It was a disappointing performance that lacked finesse.	表演者技藝平平，令人失望。		
In the 1920s, short hair for women became the vogue.20世紀20年代，女性留短髮成為時尚。
no example found
People are put off by his strident voice.	人們很厭惡他那刺耳的嗓音。		
There's a motley assortment/collection of old furniture in the house we're renting now.我們現在租住的房子裡有一堆雜七雜八的舊傢俱。
I wouldn't have any compunction about telling him to leave.我不會因為叫他走開而覺得內疚。
a lascivious smile淫笑
I can't help casting covetous looks at my neighbour's new Porsche.我忍不住對鄰居的新保時捷車垂涎欲滴。
filthy lucre不義之財
no example found
Deer and squirrels are among the denizens of the forest.鹿和松鼠是森林地帶的常見動物。
machinations of Despite a commitment to a more open government, the public is still being kept in the dark about the inner machinations of the Cabinet.
In order to make the company viable, it will unfortunately be necessary to reduce staffing levels.		很遺憾，為使公司繼續運轉下去，將不得不裁員。
The electricians' union is planning to amalgamate with the technicians' union.電工工會正計劃與技工工會合併。
a political maverick持不同政見者
The drugs did nothing to alleviate her pain/suffering.這些藥物對減輕她的病痛／痛苦沒有絲毫作用。
no example found
He treats her with such deference.他非常尊重她。
The moon is a celestial body.月亮是天體中的一員。
a nugatory amount微不足道的小錢
Her son tried to inveigle her into giving him the money for a car.她兒子想方設法哄她給錢買汽車。
the exigencies of war戰爭的緊要關頭
no example found		
The planet Jupiter contains large amounts of the primordial gas and dust out of which the solar system was formed.	木星含有大量的原始氣體和塵埃，太陽系就是由這些氣體和塵埃形成的。		
no example found		
Charles Babbage's mechanical calculating engines were the antecedents of the modern computer.	查爾斯‧巴貝奇的機械電腦是現代電腦的前身。		
The audience was very partisan, and refused to listen to her speech.	聽眾的觀念固執偏頗，拒絕聽她的演講。		
A friend of the victim was subpoenaed as a witness by lawyers representing the accused.	被告方律師傳喚受害人的一個朋友出庭作證。		
I was starting to flag after the ninth mile.	走了九英里後，我開始感到疲倦了。		
no example found		
The treatment has so far done little to arrest the spread of the cancer.	這種療法到目前為止幾乎沒有抑制癌細胞的擴散。		
Several different species of fish inhabit these turbid shallow waters.有幾種魚生活在這些渾濁的淺水域中。
The governor exhorted the prisoners not to riot.獄長告誡犯人不要騷亂。
I tried to mollify her by giving her flowers.我試圖送花來撫慰她。
a categorical denial/assurance/rejection
We woke up to the cacophonous sound of birds.我們在嘈雜的鳥鳴聲中醒來。
abscond from She absconded from boarding school and hitchhiked to the city.		
An indeterminate number of workers have already been exposed to the danger.一些工人已處在這種危險中，具體人數尚不清楚。
a convex lens/mirror凸透鏡／凸面鏡
She gave a clear and lucid account of her plans for the company's future.她清楚明瞭地講述了自己對公司未來的規劃。
It would be presumptuous of me to comment on the matter.我如果對這件事發表評論會很冒昧。
Soldiers from many different countries have been subsumed into the United Nations peace-keeping force.聯合國維和部隊吸納來自許多不同國家的士兵。
no example found
Anger gave me preternatural strength, and I managed to force the door open.我一氣之下使出不尋常的力氣，硬把門撞開了。
The problem turned out to be less tractable than I had expected.這個問題最後處理起來遠比我預期棘手。
no example found
no example found
no example found
The government has tried to assuage the public's fears.政府努力消除公眾的恐慌。
Substantive research on the subject needs to be carried out.需要針對這課題開展實質性的研究。
This is daytime television at its most anodyne.這就是不痛不癢到了極點的日間電視節目。
Although some people campaign for the right to euthanasia, it is still illegal in most countries.	儘管有些人發起運動爭取安樂死的權利，但在大多數國家中實施安樂死仍是違法行爲。
A drunk in the station was haranguing passers-by.	一名醉漢在車站大聲訓斥路人。
no example found		
no example found
evocative music	使人浮想聯翩的音樂
The actor's work for charity has recently been disparaged in the press as an attempt to get publicity.	該演員爲慈善事業所做的工作近來被報紙說成是想出名。
widespread apathy among students	學生中普遍的懈怠情緒
She's always grousing about how she's been treated by the management.	她老是抱怨管理層待她如何不公。		
caustic comments	尖刻的評論		
no example found
no example found		
no example found
This is a pallid production of what should be a great ballet.	本該是一齣精彩的芭蕾舞，卻被表演得了無生趣。		
He flies first class so often, he's become blasé about it.	他經常坐飛機頭等艙，所以已經是司空見慣了。
He was a brilliant raconteur.	他非常善於講故事。
Accurate meteorological records began 100 years ago.	準確的氣象紀錄始於100年前。
He thought that all women liked children, but she soon disabused him of that (idea/notion).	他以為女人都喜歡孩子，但她很快就讓他改變了這種看法。
no example found		
an autonomous vehicle		
Many hours of meticulous preparation have gone into writing the book.	為寫此書，投入了大量時間細心做前期準備。
This minatory approach hasn't scared children off hard drugs.這種威脅性的方法並沒有把孩子們嚇得遠離毒品。
It is unclear how to mitigate the effects of tourism on the island.人們還不清楚如何減低旅遊業對這個島嶼的影響。
universal suffrage (= the right of all adults to vote)普選權
no example found
But still the economy is not showing signs of any of the excesses that normally presage a recession.但經濟仍未顯露出任何過剩的跡象，這些跡象通常預示經濟衰退。
They hope to emulate the success of other software companies.他們希望能夠效仿其他軟體公司的成功先例。
a morose expression陰鬱的表情
She had no qualms about lying to the police.她向警方說謊但一點也不覺得不安。
no example found
The fund was increased by the accretion of new shareholders.由於新股東的逐漸加入，資金增加了。
The lines "She walks in beauty, like the night..." from Byron's poem contain a simile.拜倫的詩句「她在美中徜徉，如同…的夜晚」中含有一個明喻。
She described the new criminal bill as a perfidious attack on democracy.她稱新的刑法法案是對民主的肆意踐踏。
apprise someone of something The president has been apprised of the situation.總統已經獲知了這個情況。
The local people like to vaunt the glories of their faded past.當地人喜歡誇耀他們過去的輝煌。
I went to the boss to remonstrate against the new rules.我去找了老闆，對新的規定提出抗議。
He's an officious little man and widely disliked in the company.他是個自以為是的小個子男人，在公司裡大家都不喜歡他。
congenial company/surroundings友善的夥伴／令人愉快的環境
no example found
She felt the repetitive exercises stultified her musical technique so she stopped doing them.她覺得重複的練習使她的音樂技巧變得僵化，所以她不再做這些練習。
expository writing說明文
He has an esoteric collection of old toys and games.他收藏了一批極罕見的老玩具和遊戲。
He summed up Jack's achievements in one or two felicitous phrases.他用一兩個詞語恰如其分地概括了傑克的成就。
no example found
One survivor described his torturers as devils incarnate.一名生還者形容拷打他的那些人是魔鬼的化身。
subversive elements/groups in society社會上的顛覆分子／集團
a discerning customer有眼光的顧客
The song was banned on the grounds that it might foment racial tension.這首歌因可能挑起種族衝突被禁播了。
Shareholders are blaming the company's problems on the lassitude of the CEO.股東們將公司出現的問題歸咎於執行長工作懈怠。
He is a millionaire recluse who refuses to give interviews.他是個喜歡獨處的百萬富翁，不接受別人的採訪。
fetid air/breath臭氣／惡臭的口氣
In a multicultural society is it not anomalous to have a blasphemy law that only protects one religious faith?在一個多元文化的社會里，制定只保護一種宗教信仰的褻瀆法，難道不反常嗎？
There is a paucity of information on the ingredients of many cosmetics.許多化妝品沒有提供充足的產品成分資訊。
He was the most self-effacing of men - the last thing he would have relished was a eulogy.他爲人極其謙遜，最不喜聽頌辭。
a sardonic smile/look/comment譏諷的微笑／嘲諷的表情／尖刻的評論
He launched into a homily on family relationships.他開始就家庭關係進行說教。
Who is supposed to have committed these transgressions?誰被認為是犯了這些過錯的人？
He has made poetry out of demotic speech.
a saturnine character/look陰鬱的性格／陰沈的表情
We should be cognizant of the fact that every complaint is not a justified complaint.我們應該認識到並非每一樁投訴都是合理的。
As a football player, his great asset was his calm, phlegmatic manner.作為一名足球運動員，他最大的優點是他在場上沉著冷靜的風度。
She carried on passionate love affairs with the consent of her complaisant husband.她得到順從的丈夫的同意，繼續著熱烈的婚外情。
His ardour for her cooled after only a few weeks.他對她狂熱的愛慕之情才幾個星期就冷卻了。
She had a laconic wit.她說話言簡意賅。
They criticized the ostentatious lifestyle of their leaders.他們批評領導們鋪張的生活方式。
no example found
Talking about money now would be a digression from the main purpose of this meeting.現在談論金錢將偏離這次會議的主要目的。
The blurb on the back of the book was full of the usual hyperbole - "enthralling", "fascinating", and so on.這本書的封底廣告宣傳全部都是一些司空見慣的誇張詞語：「引人入勝」、「令人著迷」等等。
I'm not prepared to give credence to anonymous complaints.我不會相信那些匿名投訴。
If the government is seen to condone violence, the bloodshed will never stop.一旦認定政府縱容暴力，那流血事件就永遠不會停止。
There is a reason you see someone riding a second-rate bike, and it's not indigence.看見有些人騎二流車，並不是因為貧窮，而是另有原因。
a diaphanous silk veil透明絲綢面紗
political dissidents持不同政見者
News of the arrest perturbed her greatly.逮捕的消息使她心緒不寧。
Their production of "Sweeney Todd" was the worst I've ever seen - it was a travesty.他們上演的《瘋狂理髮師》是我看過最糟糕的一個版本——太拙劣了。
I found him rather boorish and aggressive.我發現他相當粗魯，咄咄逼人。
It was disingenuous of her to claim she had no financial interest in the case.她聲稱自己在這個案子中沒有任何經濟利益，這有些心口不一。
She agreed to buy the car, but stipulated racing tyres and a turbo-powered engine.她同意買這輛車，但指明要裝賽車輪胎和渦輪動力引擎。
We teach our clients to run projects in an adaptive manner.
no example found
A sample of water was taken from the point where the river bifurcates.水質樣本取自河流分流處。
a wine/art connoisseur葡萄酒／藝術鑒賞家
He made a solicitous enquiry after her health.他十分關切地詢問了她的健康狀況。
carnal desires肉慾
Certainly there's no gainsaying (= it is not possible to doubt) the technical brilliance of his performance.無可否認，他的演奏技巧非常精湛。
House prices have plummeted in recent months.房價近幾個月來暴跌。
the Elysian fields of the next world身後冥界
[ + to infinitive ] She's inherited from her father a propensity to talk too much.她從她父親那裡遺傳了話多的毛病。
no example found
Attempts to get supplies to the region are futile because troops will not allow the aid convoy to enter the city.往該地區運送物資的努力失敗了，因爲軍方不允許救援物資護送隊進城。
She might be more amenable to the idea if you explained how much money it would save.你要是跟她解釋這樣做會省下多少錢，或許她會更容易接受這一想法。
He became a sort of general factotum for the band.他成為相當於這一品牌的事務總監這樣一個角色。
So much of what's on TV is pure dross.電視上演的多是垃圾。
She can't stand heights and has always suffered from vertigo.她恐高，總是會感到眩暈。
Palaeontology is the study of fossils and the evolution of life on Earth.
He's always cadging free meals and free trips from/off his clients.他吃飯和出行都總愛佔客戶的便宜。
no example found
no example found
These small companies now have their own discrete identity.這些小公司現在都各有各的特點。
He's the author of an erudite book on Scottish history.他寫過一本博大精深的有關蘇格蘭歷史的著作。
no example found
no example found
There were pictures of emaciated children on the cover of the magazine.雜誌封面上是幾幅骨瘦如柴的兒童的照片。
an indolent wave of the hand懶懶的揮手
no example found
She had a child's inchoate awareness of language.她具有兒童對語言的初步意識。
analogous to The experience of a mystic trance is in a sense analogous to sleep or drunkenness.
His jocose manner was unsuitable for such a solemn occasion.他滑稽的舉止不適合這個嚴肅的場合。
His bombastic manner is a front for deep insecurity.
This is a book which clearly explicates Marx's later writings.這本書詳細解讀了馬克思的晚期著作。
We are all familiar with Tolstoy's apothegm: "Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way."我們都很熟悉托爾斯泰的這句箴言：「幸福的家庭都是相同的，不幸的家庭各有各的不幸。」
She was known for her simplicity and frugality.大家都知道她樸素又節儉。
no example found
no example found
pristine new offices嶄新的辦公室
no example found
The company executives forestalled criticism by inviting union leaders to meet.公司管理層邀請工會領袖見面，以避免遭受批評。
a salary that is commensurate with skills and experience與技能和經驗相稱的薪水
It might sound callous, but I don't care if he's homeless. He's not living with me!這也許聽起來很無情，可我並不在乎他是否無家可歸。他又不是和我住在一起！
no example found
The pilot of the aircraft will surely be exculpated when all the facts are known.當一切真相大白時，肯定可以證明飛行員是沒有過錯的。
a concave lens凹透鏡
no example found
Officials yesterday blamed council intransigence for the failure to reach a deal.官員們昨天將未能達成協議歸咎於政府部門的頑固不化。
He took a tortuous route through back streets.他選擇穿過偏僻的街道，走了一條彎彎曲曲的路線。
no example found
She launched into an angry/furious tirade about how she had been unfairly treated.她就自己遭受的不公正對待，進行了長時間的憤怒控訴。
no example found
Her probity and integrity are beyond question.她的誠實和正直是毋庸置疑的。
His opinions have always been distinctly heterodox.他的觀點總是帶有明顯的異端色彩。
the Gardener's Compendium《園丁手冊》
no example found
The football field was absolutely sodden.足球場完全是濕的。
Printed books will soon be supplanted by e-books.紙質書將很快被電子書取代。
a veracious and trustworthy historian一位誠實可信的歷史學家
He has a somewhat doctrinaire approach to running the company.他經營公司的方法有些教條主義。
No company can set industry standards by fiat.任何公司都不能透過法令來制定行業標準。
no example found
a six-volume treatise on trademark law一冊六卷的商標法專著
This cream contains a mild analgesic to soothe stings and bites.這種藥膏裡含有一種藥性平和的止痛藥，可以緩解蚊蟲叮咬後的疼痛。
no example found
a religious zealot宗教狂熱分子
He is very reticent about his past.他不願談及他的過去。
Recent developments in the area have brought latent ethnic tension out into the open.近來該地區的一些新情況導致民族之間潛在的緊張關係公開化了。
no example found
The Prime Minister tried to gerrymander the recent elections in two ways.在最近的幾次選舉中，總理試圖以兩種方式不公正地劃分選區，以達到獲勝的目的。
The military junta has/have today broadcast an appeal for calm.軍政府今天在廣播中呼籲人們保持鎮靜。
bawdy humour/songs黃色笑話／歌曲
no example found
the dissolution of parliament議會的解散
a penchant for melodrama/skiing/exotic clothes偏愛通俗劇／滑雪／奇裝異服
His smile was perfunctory.他的笑容很敷衍。
Our golf club is run by a very unfriendly clique (of people).我們的高爾夫球俱樂部是由一小撮很不友好的傢夥管理的。
Although he's shy, it certainly hasn't impeded his career in any way.儘管他很害羞，但這顯然一點也沒有妨礙他的事業。
Every time I see you, you're drunk, you old reprobate!我每次撞見你，你都酩酊大醉，你這個老惡棍。
A stream of invective from some sectors of the press continues to assail the government.某些新聞機構繼續對政府口誅筆伐。
During digestion, sugar may produce wind that distends the stomach.
As young ladies we were expected to act/behave with proper decorum.人們認為我們年輕女子的行為舉止應該沉穩端莊。
I was feeling tired and lethargic.我覺得渾身乏力、無精打采。
One of the organization's aims is to disseminate information about the disease.該組織的宗旨之一就是宣傳關於這種疾病的知識。
Is there a causal relationship between violence on television and violent behaviour?電視暴力和暴力行為之間有因果關係嗎？
Malaria is endemic in many of the hotter regions of the world.瘧疾流行於世界上許多氣候較炎熱的地區。
a life of debauchery糜爛的生活
There's a plethora of books about the royal family.	有關皇室的書非常多。
A rebus for the word "belief" could be a picture of a bee followed by a picture of a leaf.
Torture and summary execution of political prisoners are proscribed by international law.	國際法禁止對政治犯嚴刑逼供或草率處理。
an errant husband	出軌的丈夫
an apposite phrase/quotation/remark	恰當的說法／引語／話
the asperity of her manner	她舉止的粗暴
The iguanadon was a herbivorous dinosaur.	禽龍是一種食草恐龍。
This policy goes against common precepts of decency.	這項政策違反了公認的行為準則。
My mother has some hopelessly antediluvian ideas about the role of women.	我母親對女性的角色持有一些老掉牙的觀念。
no example found
Their actions have led to accusations of insularity or arrogance.	他們的行為導致了對他們僵化或傲慢的指責。
More money is needed to bolster the industry.	需要更多的錢來扶持該行業。		
She had grown from a gauche teenager to a self-assured young woman.	她從一個笨嘴拙舌的小姑娘變成一位自信的年輕女性。
an irresolute reply	猶豫不決的回答
All she gave him to eat was two minuscule pieces of toast.	她只給他吃了兩小片烤麵包。
Her novels are popular with university literati, but they have failed to attract a wider audience.	她的小說受到大學裡文人學者的歡迎，但對更廣泛的讀者卻沒有甚麽吸引力。
a prehensile tail	能纏繞的尾巴
a dearth of new homes in the region	該地區新住宅的短缺
A peaceful solution would obviate the need to send a UN military force.	如果能和平解決就沒有必要派遣聯合國維和部隊了。
With nothing to do all day the aristocracy had grown effete and lazy.	貴族們終日無所事事，變得四體不勤，懶散乏力。		
internecine war/warfare內戰
The tour operator will arrange transport and plan your itinerary.旅行社工作人員將負責安排交通和行程計劃。
He was silent all through the meal and then had the effrontery to complain that I looked bored!在飯桌上他自始至終一言不發，到頭來卻有臉抱怨我一副百無聊賴的樣子。
He inadvertently deleted the file.他無意中刪除了文件。
The prodigal landlord spends the money as fast as he receives it.
Have you considered all the ramifications of your suggestion?你考慮過你的建議可能帶來的各種後果嗎？
At their apogee, the novels of Spillane claimed worldwide sales of over $180 million.在史畢蘭的小說最為風靡之時，其全球銷售量超過1.8億冊。
Suggestions from the survey have been incorporated into/in the final design.調查中取得的建議已被納入最終的設計之中。
The sauce coagulated as it cooled down.醬汁變冷後凝固了。
His argument is based on fallacious reasoning.他的論點是建立在錯誤的推理基礎上的。
She was not at all daunted by the size of the problem.她絲毫也沒有被問題的嚴重性嚇住。
no example found
They have never evinced any readiness or ability to negotiate.他們從未表露出任何談判的意願和能力。
She considers him an arrogant, dandified libertine.
She is embarrassingly obsequious to anyone in authority.她差不多對任何當權者都卑躬屈膝，真令人難堪。
It has to be said it was rather ingenuous of him to ask a complete stranger to take care of his luggage.他讓一個完全陌生的人幫自己看管行李，這未免也太天真了。
The canyon walls were striated with colour.峽谷壁上布滿彩色條紋。
variegated leaves斑葉
a fractious child暴躁的孩子
The Soviet Union became anxious to withdraw its soldiers from the Afghan imbroglio.蘇聯變得急於想把其軍隊從阿富汗困局中撤出來。
gustatory pleasures味覺享受
In those days people might sacrifice a goat or sheep to propitiate an angry god.在那個時候，人們可能會祭獻一隻山羊或綿羊以祈求發怒的神明息怒。
A recurring knee injury may have impaired his chances of winning the tournament.復發的膝傷可能降低了他在錦標賽中獲勝的機會。
The assumption involves considerable extrapolation.該假設涉及大量外推。
a histrionic outburst裝腔作勢的情感爆發
the onerous task of finding a peaceful solution尋找和平解決方案的艱巨任務
There is some discrepancy between the two accounts.這兩份帳單之間有一些出入。
There's not even a modicum of truth in her statement.她的話裡半句真話都沒有。
His good mood gradually gave way to truculence when she didn't pay him any attention.在她不理會他的情況下，他的好心情逐漸變得好鬥易怒。
She has that intangible quality which you might call charisma.她具有一種難以捉摸的特質，你或許會稱之為個人魅力。
The iguanadon was a herbivorous dinosaur.禽龍是一種食草恐龍。
She made a sharp/witty/neat riposte.她尖刻／機智／巧妙地反唇相譏。
to expiate a crime/sin抵罪／贖罪
no example found
no example found
"Why did you take the money?" she asked the child. "Because I wanted it," came the artless reply.「你為甚麼要拿這些錢？」她問那個孩子。「因為我想要。」孩子天真地回答。
no example found
Her mood vacillated between hope and despair.她時而心懷希望，時而感到絕望。
If you renege on the deal now, I'll fight you in the courts.如果你現在撕毀協定，我會讓你上法庭。
an arduous climb/task/journey舉步維艱的攀登／艱巨的任務／艱難的旅程
a bacchanalian orgy縱酒狂歡會
The moon will be at perigee, its closest to the earth, on the 8th of the month.月球將在本月8日處於近地點，離地球最近。
members of a now defunct communist organization目前已解散的共產主義組織的成員
no example found
Outraged minority groups will not be placated by promises of future improvements.許諾今後進行改善無法安撫憤怒的少數民族團體。
no example found
The decision to settle out of court was seen as a tacit admission of guilt.
[ + (that) ] He thanked his employees for the forbearance (that) they had shown during the company's difficult times.他感謝員工們在公司的困難時期所表現出的耐心和寬容。
a whimsical tale離奇的故事
The sample of people questioned was drawn from the university's student register and stratified by age and gender.調查問卷的抽樣人群選自大學的學生名單，按年齡和性別分組。
facetious remarks不合時宜的發言
They were being unnecessarily pedantic by insisting that Berry himself, and not his wife, should have made the announcement.他們太拘泥於形式，堅持要求由貝利本人而不是他妻子來宣佈，這實在沒有必要。
The political situation was now relatively quiescent.政治形勢目前暫時平靜。
centrifugal force離心力
He stormed from the room in a fit of pique, shouting that he had been misunderstood.他怒氣沖沖地衝出房間，大嚷著他被誤解了。
no example found
to refute a person/theory/argument/claim駁斥一個人／理論／論點／說法
a grocery chain behemoth大型連鎖食品雜貨店
The two cultures were so utterly disparate that she found it hard to adapt from one to the other.這兩種文化截然不同，她發現很難由一種文化轉而去適應另一種文化。
"Senior citizen" is a euphemism for "old person".「年長公民」是「老年人」的委婉說法。
Fame in the world of rock and pop is largely ephemeral.在搖滾和流行音樂界，名聲大多轉瞬即逝。
The German leadership lauded the Russian initiative.德國領導人讚揚了俄羅斯的倡議。
no example found
a specious argument/claim看似有理的論點／主張
The exhibition juxtaposes Picasso's early drawings with some of his later works.展覽同時展出了畢卡索早期的畫作和他的一些晚期作品。
a contentious decision/policy/issue/subject有爭議的決定／政策／問題／話題
an immutable law永恆的法則
a circuitous route/path迂迴路線
As a waiter you want to be pleasant to people without appearing totally servile.作爲服務員，你應該對人友善，但不要表現出完全卑躬屈膝的樣子。
He's a very stolid, serious man.他是個喜怒不形於色、很嚴肅的人。
He was always punctilious in his manners.他的舉止總是循規蹈矩。
I had to listen to Michael fulminating against the government.我不得不聽著麥克譴責政府。
The company is divesting its less profitable business operations.該公司打算出售其盈利較差的業務。
a salacious book/joke/comment淫穢書籍／玩笑／評論
She knew he was attracted to her, but preferred to keep their relationship platonic.她知道他喜歡她，但她更願意與他保持純友誼的關係。
His plays were fairly iconoclastic in their day.他的戲劇在當時具有相當的反傳統意味。
Hamlet's soliloquy starts "To be or not to be".哈姆雷特的獨白以「生存還是毀滅」開頭。
Max was a spendthrift and a heavy gambler.
an inconsequential matter/remark無足輕重的事情／言論
extraneous information無關訊息
Some mushrooms look innocuous but are in fact poisonous.有些蘑菇貌似無害，但實際上有毒。
He said that American military power should never again be vitiated by political concerns.他說美國的軍事力量絕不能再次因為政治上的考慮而有所削弱。
A reverent silence fell over the crowd.人們肅然起敬，鴉雀無聲。
She'd have prattled on about her new job for the whole afternoon if I'd let her.如果我任她講下去的話，她可以針對她的新工作嘮叨一下午。
no example found
The team showed/proved its mettle in the final round.運動隊在最後一輪比賽中展現了他們的拼搏精神。
He described the plan as ambitious and audacious.他認為這是一項偉大而大膽的計劃。
no example found
Mundane matters such as paying bills and shopping for food do not interest her.她對付帳單、購買食物等瑣事不感興趣。
She abandoned her job and her career, and lived as a homeless mendicant on the streets of Philadelphia.
Such a difficult choice placed her in an invidious position.如此為難的選擇使她處於一個易招人反感的境地。
She accepted the money with alacrity.她欣然收下了錢。
He started issuing peremptory instructions.他開始下達一些強制性的命令。
It is an axiomatic fact that governments rise and fall on the state of the economy.經濟狀況決定政府的興衰成敗，這是不言自明的事實。
His geniality, reliability and ability made him a popular figure.他的和藹、可靠和能力讓他頗受歡迎。
no example found
Unless anything untoward happens we should arrive just before midday.除非發生意外，否則我們應該是剛好在中午前到達。
He received the news of his mother's death with remarkable equanimity.他接到母親去世的噩耗時表現得異常鎮靜。
She was alone and unloved, but she did not repine.她孤苦伶仃，沒有人愛，但她卻沒有抱怨。
Inevitably there's some caller prating on about the decline in moral standards.不可避免會有人打進電話來侃侃而談道德淪喪問題。
a salutary experience有益的經歷
The road undulates for five miles before a steep climb.這條路高低起伏了五英里，然後是一個陡峭的爬坡。
The influence of Freud is pervasive in her books.佛洛伊德的影響在她的作品中隨處可見。
As a child, he received the appellation "Mouse".他小的時候被叫做「老鼠」。
sensual pleasure肉體之樂
I first knew him as an impecunious student living in a tiny apartment.我剛認識他時，他還是個窮學生，住在一間狹小的公寓裡。
Her latest book has engendered a lot of controversy.她的新作引起了很大爭議。
an avuncular, quietly spoken man慈祥和善、談吐溫和的男子
The investigation revealed political chicanery and corruption at the highest levels.調查揭露了最高層的政治欺詐和腐敗。
Veins can get occluded by blood clots.血管會被凝血塊阻塞。
No one talks about "creative music", because it would be a tautology.
These people are forced to live in squalor.這些人被迫生活在極度骯髒的環境里。
We have some extant parish records from the 16th century.我們保存了一些16世紀留下來的教區記錄。
The main characters are clearly delineated in the first chapter.主要人物在第一章裡得到了清晰的描述。
She recalled the halcyon days of her youth.她回想起年輕時的美好時光。
Many motorcyclists flout the law by not wearing helmets.許多騎機車的人無視法律，不戴頭盔。
They invited me to dinner and I thought it would be churlish to refuse.他們邀請我去吃晚飯，我覺得拒絕有點不禮貌。
While she was in Hawaii, she studied the local flora and fauna.她在夏威夷的時候，研究了當地的動植物群。
In business, the pragmatic approach to problems is often more successful than an idealistic one.在商界裡，用實際的方法來解決問題往往比空想更有成效。
This attack will exacerbate the already tense relations between the two communities.這次襲擊將令兩個原本已經處於緊張狀態的團體關係更加惡化。
no example found
In college he learned how to cozen his parents into thinking he remained a good Catholic.大學期間，他學會了如何騙父母相信他仍然是一名虔誠的天主教徒。
The policy of charging air travellers for vegetarian meals proved unpopular and has already been rescinded.事實證明，航空公司向素食乘客收取素餐費的做法不得人心，因而已被取消。
In the movie "Cape Fear", a lawyer's family is threatened by a vindictive former prisoner.在電影《恐怖角》裡，一個律師家庭受到了一個出獄囚犯企圖報復的威脅。
no example found
a capricious child任性的小孩
an implacable enemy死敵
He watched her tremulous hand reach for the teacup.他看著她的手微微顫抖著去拿茶杯。
Hotel prices in the major cities are high but not prohibitive.大城市裡的旅館費用昂貴，但還能負擔得起。
He derided my singing as pathetic.他嘲笑說我的歌聲不堪入耳。
A lot of people in the country were seeing the dangers of oligarchy.
no example found
There were complaints that the beer had been adulterated with water.有多人投訴說這啤酒裡面混了水。
At university she developed an interest in etymology.上大學時她對詞源學産生了興趣。
the allure of working in television電視行業工作所具有的吸引力
After a year spent in solitary confinement, he publicly recanted (his views).在被單獨監禁了一年後，他公開宣佈放棄（他的觀點）。
I'm a little wary of/about giving people my address when I don't know them very well.如果不是太熟的話，我不會輕易告訴別人我的地址。
In the novel, Constanza is a paragon of virtue.在這本小說中，康斯坦薩是一個美德的典範。
And is he really ill or just malingering?他是真的病了還是在裝病？
Despite the deep antipathies between them, the two sides have managed to negotiate an agreement.儘管雙方芥蒂很深，但還是設法通過談判達成了一項協議。
For some people, marriage is an anachronism from the days when women needed to be protected.對一些人來說，婚姻是婦女需要受保護的時代的產物，而現在已經不合時宜了。
a craven act of terrorism恐怖主義的懦弱行徑
to forswear all violence發誓停止所有暴力行為
feral dogs/cats野狗／貓
It was uncanny the way that she always knew what he was thinking.
a conciliatory gesture/remark	願意和解的姿態/言語
The old woman walked along the street muttering imprecations.	老婦沿街走著，嘴裡咕噥著罵人的話。
[ + that ] He had a premonition that his plane would crash, so he took the train.	他預感到他要坐的飛機會墜毀，於是就坐了火車。
She's written several weighty tomes on the subject.	她就這個主題寫過幾部鴻篇巨著。
a pale insipid wine	淡而無味的葡萄酒
He drank greedily until his thirst was satiated.	他大口大口地喝得飽飽的。
If the dam breaks it will inundate large parts of the town.	如果水壩決堤，這個城鎮的大部分地區都將被淹沒。		
overweening pride/arrogance/vanity	咄咄逼人的傲氣／傲慢／虛榮
She expatiated on/upon her work for the duration of the meal.	她一直在飯桌上滔滔不絕地談論她的工作。
Her new book has received fulsome praise from the critics.	評論界對她的新書稱讚得言過其實。
He was subjected to the most vicious calumny, but he never complained and never sued.	他遭受了最惡毒的誹謗，但從未抱怨也從未起訴。
He accused the government of dissembling.	他指責政府掩飾真相。
They defied/flouted/broke with convention by giving up their jobs and becoming self-sufficient.	他們離經叛道，放棄了工作，開始過自給自足的生活。		
an eclectic style/approach	相容並蓄的風格 ／ 博採眾長的方法
She seems to have a natural affinity for/with water.	她好像天生就喜歡水。		
long, lustrous hair	光亮的長髮
no example found
no example found
She made a desultory attempt at conversation.	她只是隨意聊聊而已。
The script was disjointed and hard to follow.這個劇本寫得沒有條理，很難讀下去。
They were in a state of euphoria for days after they won the prize.獲獎之後一連幾天他們都處於亢奮狀態。
a formidable obstacle/task令人生畏的障礙／任務
no example found
no example found
He just sat there making banal remarks all evening.他整晚只是坐在那裡，說些老套的話。
There are any number of miracle cures on the market for people gullible enough to buy them.市場上有好多種所謂的奇效藥，專門誘騙那些輕信的人掏腰包。
He doesn't live in a very salubrious part of town.他住的地方是鎮上不太適宜居住的地方。
You shouldn't denigrate people just because they have different beliefs from you.	你不要只是因為信仰不同而貶低他人。
Read/Follow the rubric carefully.	仔細閱讀／嚴格按照說明。
[ + (that) ] Are you insinuating (that) I'm losing my nerve?	你是在暗示我膽怯了嗎？
We had to work from material that was both complex and recondite.	我們不得不從那些複雜晦澀的資料著手開始工作。
Stygian gloom	陰森幽暗
the jarring dissonance of Klein's musical score	克萊茵樂譜中刺耳的不和諧音		
The whole plot of the film is ridiculously implausible.	影片的整個情節荒謬得令人難以置信。
He refused to embrace any of the fashionable nostrums then current in development economics.	他拒絕接受當時發展經濟學中的任何所謂「妙策」。
Loss of memory is a natural concomitant of old age.	上年紀後記憶力自然會隨之衰退。		
The song is a paean to solitude and independence.	這首歌是讚美獨處和獨立的。
Foreign aid is badly needed to ameliorate the effects of the drought.	急需外援以緩解乾旱造成的災情。
We view future developments with some trepidation.	我們對未來的發展動態感到惴惴不安。
the recent travails of the airline industry	航空運輸業最近的艱辛
The ceiling was embellished with flowers and leaves.	天花板上裝飾著花和葉。
apex of the apex of a triangle/pyramid	三角形的頂點／金字塔的塔尖		
The table held a veritable cornucopia of every kind of food or drink you could want.	桌子上吃的喝的應有盡有，十分豐盛。
She went to see a clairvoyant who said he could communicate with her dead husband.	她去見了一位高人，那人自稱能和她死去的丈夫交談。
a harrowing story	令人悲傷的故事
Famous mainly for his wonderful voice, Cole Porter was also a virtuoso on the piano.	除了以動人的嗓音聞名之外，科爾·波特還是一位鋼琴大師。		
an existential argument/philosopher	存在主義的論點/哲學家
The audience was selected to create a microcosm of American society.觀眾經過挑選，以求把美國社會各階層人士都納入其中。
We had the priest sitting at our table, which instilled a little sobriety into the occasion.	我們讓神父坐在桌前，整個場合增添了一絲莊重。		
The minister has been touting these ideas for some time.	教育部長一段時間以來一直在宣傳這些理念。		
a verbose explanation/report/speech/style囉嗦的解釋／冗長的報告／冗長的演講／言辭冗贅的風格
no example found
Teaching computers to read and write has always foundered on the unpredictable human element in language.	教電腦讀寫的嘗試總是因為語言中不可預測的人為因素而宣告失敗。		
no example found
She's becoming more and more irascible as she grows older.隨著年齡的增長，她的性情變得越來越暴躁。
Gray's "Elegy Written in a Country Churchyard" is a famous English poem.格雷的《墓園輓歌》是一首著名的英國詩。
a cardinal rule/error/sin	基本規則／根本錯誤／嚴重錯誤		
no example found
no example found
The lawyer requested a break in the court case, but the judge demurred.律師請求休庭，但法官沒有同意。
Shards of glass have been cemented into the top of the wall to stop people climbing over.牆頭上用水泥黏著玻璃碎片，以防止人們翻牆過去。
Tonight he faces the most redoubtable opponent of his boxing career.今晚他面對的是他拳擊生涯中最強大的對手。
The minister held a press conference in order to pre-empt criticism in the newspapers.	部長召開了記者招待會，旨在先發制人，預先防備各報紙的指責批評。		
She delivered a panegyric on the president-elect.她為當選總統獻上了一段頌詞。
The boys strutted around trying to get the attention of a group of girls who were nearby.	男孩們神氣十足地走來走去，想引起旁邊一群女孩的注意。		
The increase in our profits has been negated by the rising costs of running the business.我們的盈利增長被日益增加的經營成本所抵銷。
Radiation from the sun is attenuated by the earth's atmosphere.地球大氣層減輕了太陽幅射。
There seems to be qualified support for the idea.	對這個觀點的認同似乎有所保留。		
In a coda to the main exhibition are various works that were once attributed to Rembrandt.	作為主展覽的附加展覽，還展出了許多曾被認為出自林布蘭之手的作品。		
no example found
Charlie quailed at the sound of his mother's angry voice.	查理聽到他母親憤怒的聲音，心裡不由得感到害怕。		
I never trust anything he says - the man's an inveterate liar.我從不相信他說的任何話——這人是個老騙子。
The king introduced some of his most significant reforms as an advertisement of his own ever more puissant authority.國王推出了一些最重要的改革措施，以此宣示自己勢不可擋的權勢。
Certain types of sandstone are permeable to water.某些類型的砂岩可透水。
I don't understand the rationale for these restrictions.我無法理解這些限制。
He sometimes seems insouciant to the point of carelessness.他有時有些漫不經心，甚至粗心大意。
assiduous research/efforts鍥而不捨的研究／努力
no example found
He abjured his religion/his life of dissipation.他宣佈放棄所信仰的宗教／結束放蕩的生活。
Many borrowers now find themselves caught in a precarious financial position.	許多借款人現在發現自己陷入不穩定的財務狀況。		
She regarded him with wide, guileless blue eyes.她瞪著一雙純真無邪的藍色大眼睛看著他。
Miss Snowden yesterday launched a vituperative attack on her ex-boss and former lover.斯諾登小姐昨天對她的前老闆兼前情人破口大罵。
He was conscripted into the army at the age of 18.他18歲被徵召入伍。
no example found
He's too pusillanimous to stand up to his opponents.他太懦弱了，不敢勇敢面對自己的對手。
He writes estimable poetry under a pseudonym.他用筆名創作的詩歌作品可圈可點。
to exact revenge on someone	向某人報復		
After several unsuccessful attempts to start his car, he swore in vexation.	幾次發動汽車都沒有打著火，他氣得罵了起來。		
His first novel was well and truly lambasted by the critics.他的第一部小說受到批評家的猛烈抨擊。
A large community of expatriates has settled there.	已經有一大批僑民在那邊定居了。		
She claims to have occult powers, given to her by some mysterious spirit.	她聲稱擁有某一神秘精靈賜予的神秘魔力。		
They purport to represent the wishes of the majority of parents at the school.	他們聲稱自己代表了該校大多數學生家長的期望。		
The flower buds and immature fruit frequently drop off; researchers have tried to determine the role growth hormones play in this abscission.花蕾和未成熟的果實頻頻掉落;研究人員已經試圖從生長激素方面尋找脫落原因。
the olfactory nerve嗅覺神經
no example found		
There is often a dichotomy between what politicians say and what they do.政治家的言行之間常有天壤之別。
The long-dormant volcano has recently shown signs of erupting.	休眠了很久的火山最近出現了要噴發的跡象。		
no example found
He claims that a lot of journalism is meretricious and superficial.他稱許多新聞報道虛誇膚淺。
The council has some spare cash, which it proposes to spend on public amenities.	政務委員會有一些餘款，計劃用來增添一些公共便利設施。		
official/confidential/legal documents	正式／機密／法律文件		
Symptoms include weight gain, sleep disorders and loss of libido.症狀包括體重增加、睡眠失調以及性慾消失。
no example found
no example found
no example found
an astringent cream	收斂膏		
to succour the poor, help the helpless, support the weak	救助貧困者，幫助無助者，支持弱者		
They drank copious amounts of wine.他們喝了好多酒。
no example found
an affected manner/style of writing矯揉造作的行為/文風
The lawyer averred her client's innocence.那名律師堅稱她的當事人無罪。
The film follows one man's odyssey to find the mother from whom he was separated at birth.這部影片講述了一名男子尋找生下自己後就失散的母親的漫長曲折的歷程。
Some of these statements are misleading and some are downright mendacious.這些陳述有些有誤導性，有些完全是捏造的。
Sulphur dioxide is the main precursor of acid rain.二氧化硫是形成酸雨最重要的先決條件。
a valedictory speech告別辭
The new building has little aesthetic value/appeal.	新樓幾乎沒有甚麼美學價值。		
The painting shows a typically bucolic scene with peasants.這幅畫展現了典型的田園風光，描繪了農夫們的形象。
He concocted a story about working late at the office.	他編造謊言說他在辦公室工作到很晚。		
We are facing an intractable problem.我們面臨著一個棘手的問題。
no example found
I was sucked into a vortex of despair.	我被捲入了絕望的漩渦裡。		
