a subsidiary role/factor	輔助角色／次要因素
After a while, we found ourselves questioning the spiritual and philosophical underpinning of the American way of life.	一段時間後，我們發現自己對美國生活方式的精神和哲學基礎產生了懷疑。
no example found
The government has brutally crushed the rebellion.	政府殘酷鎮壓了叛亂。
a turbulent marriage	吵吵鬧鬧的婚姻
Like many factories, it's a very ugly utilitarian building.	和許多工廠一樣，這是一座外表醜陋但很實用的建築。
Outraged viewers jumped onto social media to complain about the ending of the series.	氣憤的電視觀眾跳到社交媒體上對電視劇的大結局表示不滿。
This theory needs to be backed up with solid empirical data/evidence.	這個理論需要翔實的實驗資料／實際經驗來支援。
a bizarre situation	異乎尋常的情形
She has long been an adherent of the Communist Party.	長期以來她一直是共產黨的擁護者。
overt criticism	公開的批評
a conservative society/outlook	保守的社會／觀念
Stanley traversed the continent from west to east.	斯坦利自西向東穿越了整個大陸。
As far as health is concerned, it's a truism that prevention is better than cure.	就健康而言，預防勝於治療，這是不言而喻的。
A varied assemblage of birds was probing the mud for food.	一大群各種各樣的鳥在泥沼中覓食。
There's no warrant for that sort of behaviour!	那種行為根本不合理！
Central pain syndrome can result from trauma to the brain or spinal cord.
He drove in an erratic course down the road.	他開車忽左忽右地在路上蛇行。
discrepant figures	不相一致的數字
It's only been a year since he died - how's she coping (= how is she)?	他過世剛一年時間——她的情況怎麼樣？
There was nobody strong enough to lead an effective countervailing force against the dictator.	沒有人有實力領導一支能夠有力對抗獨裁者的武裝力量。
no example found
[ + -ing verb ] I'm contemplating going abroad for a year.	我打算出國一年。
no example found
I never trust anything he says - the man's an inveterate liar.	我從不相信他說的任何話——這人是個老騙子。
an exquisite piece of china	一件精緻的瓷器
There was a clear family resemblance between all the brothers.	所有兄弟都長得很像，一眼就看得出是一家人。
The customs official beckoned the woman to his counter.	海關官員示意那婦人到他桌前來。
a bridge designed to withstand earthquakes	具有抗震設計的橋樑
The government claims to be doing all it can to eradicate corruption.	政府聲稱正盡其所能根治腐敗。
As you get older your bones become increasingly brittle.	隨著年齡增長，人的骨頭變得越來越脆。
She is of a nervous/cheerful/sunny disposition.	她神經質／性情開朗／性格陽光。
She chiselled a figure out of the marble.	她用大理石雕刻出一個人像。
I've had continual problems with this car ever since I bought it.	自從我買回這車，它就常常出毛病。
no example found
Most bats are nocturnal.	大部分蝙蝠在夜間活動。
She was confronted by a man wielding a knife.	她被一名持刀男子威脅。
The company hoped to profit from the burgeoning communications industry.	公司希望能從迅速發展的通訊業中獲利。
