no example found
no example found
Leather is very much in fashion this season, as is the ubiquitous denim.	皮裝在這個季節非常流行，當然牛仔服也似乎無處不在。
wooden/stone carvings	木／石雕
He spoke quietly, in halting English.	他用結結巴巴的英語小聲說。
We all enjoyed ourselves tremendously.	我們都玩得非常開心。
The units can be conjoined to form grids.	這些部件可以組裝成格柵。
The Spanish conquered the New World in the 16th century.	西班牙人在16世紀征服了新大陸。
In the photo her face was slightly elongated.	照片中她的臉顯得有些長。
carnivorous plants	食肉植物
an exquisite piece of china	一件精緻的瓷器
Attempts to get supplies to the region are futile because troops will not allow the aid convoy to enter the city.	往該地區運送物資的努力失敗了，因爲軍方不允許救援物資護送隊進城。
There are three world-class tennis players contending for this title.	有三位世界頂級網球選手爭奪這項冠軍。
It's very difficult to change attitudes that have become so deeply entrenched over the years.	要改變多年以來根深柢固的舊看法是很困難的。
The watch mechanism is extremely intricate and very difficult to repair.	手錶的機械結構非常複雜精密，很難修理。
Let's confine our discussion to the matter in question, please!	請把討論集中在正題上！
a ludicrous idea/suggestion	可笑的想法／荒謬的建議
imminent disaster/danger	迫在眉睫的災難／危險
It is unclear how to mitigate the effects of tourism on the island.	人們還不清楚如何減低旅遊業對這個島嶼的影響。
an obscure island in the Pacific	太平洋中的無名小島
She put her notebook and pen back into her capacious handbag.	沒有中文例子
The main characters are clearly delineated in the first chapter.	主要人物在第一章裡得到了清晰的描述。
There has been a gradual improvement in our sales figures over the last two years.	在過去的兩年裡，我們的銷售額一直在逐步上升。
I was expecting him to be furious but he was very restrained.	我還以爲他會火冒三丈呢，但是他卻表現得很冷靜。
no example found
The alimentary canal is the path by which food enters the body, and solid waste is passed out.	消化道是食物進入身體，固體廢物排出身體的通道。
To me, chocolate connotes pleasure and indulgence.	對我來說，巧克力意味著快樂和放縱。
Gary's had his hair bleached.	加里把頭髮漂成了淺色。
a regional dialect	地區方言
How do the French perceive the British?	法國人是如何看待英國人的？
The prime minister wants to reduce social stratification and make the country a classless society.
