The path follows the river closely, occasionally deviating around a clump of trees.	這條小路緊挨著河，只是在遇到樹林時才偶爾偏離一下。
The flames rapidly engulfed the house.	大火很快吞沒了那座房子。
Social workers who look after abused or endangered children often have stressful days at work.	照顧受虐或受威脅兒童的社會工作者，每天的工作壓力往往很大。
no example found
The company is divesting its less profitable business operations.	該公司打算出售其盈利較差的業務。
As a boss you have to delegate (responsibilities to your staff).	你作為老闆必須要分派工作。
Running a marathon is a test of human endurance.	馬拉松長跑是對人耐力的考驗。
Engineers are endeavouring to locate the source of the problem.	工程師們正竭盡全力查找問題的根源。
You should slow down as you approach the junction.	接近交叉口時你應該減速。
There is a great deal of interest in harnessing wind and waves as new sources of power.	人們對開發利用風和波浪這些新能源非常感興趣。
no example found
I gave her very explicit directions how to get here.	我明確地告訴她這裡怎麼走。
The government plans to cut taxes in order to stimulate the economy.	政府計劃減稅以刺激經濟發展。
In a prosperous country like this, no one should go hungry.	在這樣一個繁榮的國家裡，不應該有人挨餓。
His knowledge of the subject is unsurpassed.	他對這一學科的認識是無人能及的。
The film is about a young police officer and his struggle to expose corruption in the force.	電影講述的是一個年輕員警的故事，表現了他是如何克服困難揭露警方內部腐敗的。
She formed a political group which disbanded a year later.	她曾經成立了一個政治團體，但一年後就解散了。
The government's record will be subjected to/come under (close) scrutiny in the weeks before the election.	政府的作爲將在選前幾個星期接受審查。
The bride's hair was adorned with white flowers.	新娘的頭上戴著白色的花朵。
a magnificent view	壯麗的景色
It took a lot of patience and perseverance for all sides to reach an agreement. 沒有中文例子
Traditionally, the president designates his or her successor.	按照傳統，總統要選定其接班人。
He beat his closest/nearest rival by 20 marks.	他以領先20分的成績打敗了和他水平最接近的對手。
an enormous car/house	大轎車／大房子
a pudding basin	布丁盆
The jeweller skilfully engraved the initials on the ring.	珠寶商很巧妙地把名字的首字母刻在了戒指上。
The inscription read "To darling Molly, Christmas 1904".	題詞為「獻給親愛的莫莉。1904年聖誕節。」
She was always cheerful in adversity.	身處逆境時，她也從不垂頭喪氣。
"It wasn't my fault." "Don't worry, I'm not accusing you."	「不是我的錯。」「別擔心，我不是在指責你。」
The arms-dealing affair has severely damaged the reputation of the government.	武器交易事件嚴重損害了政府的聲譽。
an unpleasant surprise	令人不快的意外
I do have a vague memory of meeting her many years ago.	我確實依稀記得多年前見過她。
The protests were part of their campaign against the proposed building development in the area.	他們反對在該地區進行地產開發，抗議其反對運動的一部分。
The commandos made/staged/carried out a daring raid (on the enemy).	突擊隊大膽（向敵人）發起了突襲。
declare a ceasefire	宣佈停火
Two loads of cloth were dispatched to the factory on 12 December.	12月12日兩車布料被發到工廠。
I've brought an article from yesterday's paper that I thought might amuse you.	我帶來了昨天報上的一篇文章，或許可以讓你開懷一笑。
A strong opposition is vital to a healthy democracy.	有一個強大的反對黨對於健康的民主制度來說非常重要。
Tax incentives have been very effective in encouraging people to save and invest more of their income.	稅收措施在鼓勵人們將收入多儲蓄和多投資方面很有效。
