The game is notoriously difficult to play.	這款遊戲是出名地難玩。
A diet deficient in vitamin D may cause the disease rickets.	飲食中缺乏維他命D可導致佝僂病。
He put his hands around her slender waist.	他雙手摟住了她纖細的腰。
She has amassed a huge fortune from her novels.	她靠寫小說慢慢積攢了一大筆錢。
Two years ago a question arose about the re-burial of ancient remains.	兩年前，出現了一個關於重新埋葬古代遺骸的議題。
He has some fanciful notion about converting one room of his apartment into a gallery.	他幻想把他公寓的一個房間改成畫廊。
the prevailing attitude	普遍的觀點
no example found
an undisputed fact	不容置疑的事實
The book's locale is a coastal town in the summer of 1958.	書中所講的故事發生在1958年夏天的一個海濱小鎮。
The stadium was littered with the detritus of yesterday's concert.	體育館裡到處都是昨天舉行音樂會後留下的垃圾。
Queen Victoria reigned over Britain from 1837 to 1901.	維多利亞女王自1837年到1901年間在位統治英國。
grains of wheat/rice	麥／米粒
The grain is still milled locally.	穀物仍然在當地碾磨。
I felt a cold draft and the candle started to flicker.	我感到一陣冷風襲來，燭光開始搖曳起來。
The engine puffed a huge cloud of steam, then rolled down the tracks.	火車頭噴出一大股水蒸氣，沿著軌道開始移動。
Michelangelo was apprenticed to Ghirlandaio in Florence for three years.	米開朗基羅曾在佛羅倫斯師從基爾蘭達約三年。
We had to endure a nine-hour delay at the airport.	航班延誤，我們不得不在機場苦等了九個小時。
The suggestion is sheer nonsense.	這個建議純粹是胡言亂語。
the frontal lobe of the brain	大腦的前葉
He and his wife went on a cruise to the Bahamas.
This little stream can become a deluge when it rains heavily.	遇到暴雨的時候，這條小溪的水勢就會猛漲。
The ocean was too turbulent for us to be able to take the boat out.	大海波濤洶湧，我們無法駕船出海。
It was a stark room with a bed and chair as the only furniture.	這個房間很簡陋，僅有的傢俱就是一張床和一把椅子。
He failed to turn up for the concert, disappointing the legions of fans waiting outside.	他沒有在音樂會上露面，這讓等在場外的衆多歌迷感到非常失望。
Managers can become wedded to a certain way of doing things.	管理人員在行事方式上可能會形成一套固定的做法。
[ + that ] The president said it was imperative that the release of all hostages be secured.	總統說當務之急是確保所有人質都獲釋。
He regards the political process with disdain.	他對這一政治進程持鄙視的態度。
If teaching paid more it might attract people of (a) higher calibre.	如果提高教師的工資，也許會吸引更高水準的人才。
Liz has a fixation with food.	莉茲有戀食癖。
It is not possible to pinpoint precisely the time of death.	準確地確定死亡時間是不可能的。
Food and clean water were becoming scarce.	食物和乾淨的水越來越少了。
Few plants can grow in such a frigid environment.	幾乎沒有甚麽植物能夠在如此寒冷的環境下生長。
the torrid heat of August	八月的酷熱
Thousands of people crippled by osteoporosis could benefit from a drug that can actually rebuild their bones.
Her office is at the end of the corridor.	她的辦公室在走廊盡頭。
The family's business was horse-breeding.	這家人以養馬為業。
My tomatoes are flourishing this summer - it must be the warm weather.	今年夏天我的番茄長勢很好——這一定是天氣暖和的原因。
Insurance is a very difficult market to get a toehold in.	在保險市場中立足很難。
no example found
Cork is light and buoyant.	軟木質輕，可浮在水上。
no example found
a glass ornament	玻璃飾物
no example found
no example found
The old corrupt, totalitarian regime was overthrown.	腐敗的舊極權政府被推翻。
We had a perfectly divine time in Switzerland.	我們在瑞士度過了一段非常美好的時光。
He took off his coat/hat and hung it on the peg.	他脫下大衣／帽子，掛在衣鉤上。
to grind coffee	磨咖啡豆
The sky/weather was overcast.	天空／天氣陰沉沉的。
[ + (that) ] The police surmise (that) the robbers have fled the country.	據警方推測，搶劫犯已經逃離這個國家。
Very high taxes have recently been imposed on cigarettes.	最近對香煙開徵很高的稅。
