Mushrooms and mould are fungi.	蘑菇和黴菌都是真菌。
Reports of anorexia and other eating disorders are on the increase.	患厭食症以及其他飲食紊亂症的病例不斷上升。
Prolonged use of the drug is known to have harmful side-effects.	據了解，長期服用此藥會產生對人體有害的副作用。
The airbag will protect the head and torso.	安全氣囊會保護頭部和軀幹。
no example found
maternal instincts	母親的天性
Of all mythological beasts, dragons seem to attract the most interest.
no example found
I certainly hope to gain a little wisdom as I grow older.	我當然希望自己隨著年齡的增長而多一些智慧。
Reconstruction of the anterior cruciate ligament is a common procedure.	重塑前十字韌帶是通常的做法。
no example found
Anorexics tend to be obsessional and perfectionist.	厭食症患者往往有強迫症，且是完美主義者。
Fat is metabolized by your body and cleared through the liver as a normal process.	在正常情況下，脂肪被人體代謝並經由肝臟清除。
There is some discrepancy between the two accounts.	這兩份帳單之間有一些出入。
no example found
A selection of Duwek's luminescent work printed on canvas is on display until Saturday at the gallery in Atlanta.
Many of the refugees are suffering from severe malnutrition.	許多難民嚴重營養不良。
All that remains of yesterday's car crash is a pile of mangled metal.	昨天的車禍後只剩下了一堆嚴重損毀的金屬。
He suffered a second heart attack two days ago but his condition has now stabilized.	他兩天前心臟病再次發作，不過現在病情已經穩定了。
She claimed that the rise in unemployment was just a further manifestation of the government's incompetence.	她聲稱失業率上升進一步表明了政府的無能。
Throughout her career she has very successfully manipulated the media.	她在整個職業生涯中非常成功地控制了媒體。
Exercise is supposed to speed up your metabolism.	人們認為運動可加速新陳代謝。
My mother always gets a bit anxious if we don't arrive when we say we will.	如果我們沒有在說好的時間到達，我母親總會有些擔心。
I don't know why she did it - I'm just speculating.	我不知道她爲甚麽那麽做——我只是猜測。
The older drugs didn't deal effectively with the malaria parasite.	以前的藥物不能有效對付引起瘧疾的寄生蟲。
Coffee and the newspaper are part of my morning ritual.	喝咖啡和讀報紙是我早晨必做的事情之一。
Ares and Aphrodite were the ancient Greek deities of war and love.	阿瑞斯和阿佛洛狄特分別是古希臘的戰神和愛神。
The bomb reduced the house to rubble.	炸彈把這座房屋炸成了一堆瓦礫。
prehistoric man/humans/animals	史前人類／動物
a regimented school/society/lifestyle	死板的學校／嚴密管制的社會／兵營式的生活方式
sacred relics/temples	聖物／殿
The present voting system distorts the wishes of the electorate.	現行的選舉制度不能表現選民的真實意願。
We live in an increasingly secular society, in which religion has less and less influence on our daily lives.	我們生活在一個日益世俗化的世界裡，宗教對我們日常生活的影響越來越小。
an ambitious young lawyer	雄心勃勃的年輕律師
Many hours of meticulous preparation have gone into writing the book.	為寫此書，投入了大量時間細心做前期準備。
The glass prism refracted the white light into the colours of the rainbow.	玻璃棱鏡將白色光折射成彩虹的七色光。
When he started fighting, it took four police officers to restrain him.	他出手打人，四個員警才把他制服。
domesticated animals	馴化的動物
Her knowledge is still only rudimentary.	她仍然只是粗通皮毛。
The thought of all that delicious food made me salivate.	一想起那些美味佳餚，我就開始流口水了。
