The two major companies have been tightening their stranglehold on the beer market.	兩大公司開始加強箝制啤酒市場。
It is well known that radiation can cause mutation.	眾所周知，輻射可以造成基因突變。
a knack for remembering faces	記人臉的本領
no example found
[ + to infinitive ] If you have not signed a contract, you are under no obligation to (= it is not necessary to) pay them any money.	如果你沒有簽合同，你就沒有義務付給他們錢。
no example found
an interim solution	暫時的解決辦法
ruthless ambition	冷酷無情的野心
The expression "boy band" is a 1990s coinage.	boy band（男孩樂團）是20世紀90年代的新詞語。
I thought that article was written at a very superficial level.	我認為那篇文章寫得很膚淺。
a night sky of multitudinous stars	群星璀璨的夜空
The newspaper gave an editorial appraisal of the government's achievements of the past year.	這家報紙發表社論，對政府在過去一年的功績作出評價。
There is no longer any stigma to being divorced.	離婚不再是甚麼恥辱的事了。
the remnants of last night's meal	昨晚的剩飯
A rotting branch protruded from the swamp like a ghostly arm.	一根腐爛的樹枝像鬼的手臂一樣從沼澤裡伸出來。
There is little doubt that poor medical treatment hastened her death.	毫無疑問，劣質的治療加速了她的死亡。
100 g of desiccated coconut	100克椰子乾
sporadic gunfire	零星的炮火
nasal passages	鼻道
an entertaining film with little artistic merit	一部有趣但藝術價值不高的電影
Those bananas aren't ripe yet - they're still green.	那些香蕉還沒有成熟——還是綠的。
Sovereign power is said to lie with the people in some countries, and with a ruler in others.	據說，在某些國家中最高統治權歸於人民，而在其他國家則掌握在統治者手中。
She is of a nervous/cheerful/sunny disposition.	她神經質／性情開朗／性格陽光。
[ + adj ] Find something to wedge the window open/closed with.	找個甚麼東西楔住窗戶，讓它開著／關緊。
A couple of victories would improve the team's morale enormously.	如果能取得幾次勝利，隊伍的士氣就能大大提高。
You make wine by leaving grape juice to ferment until all the sugar has turned to alcohol.	釀葡萄酒是讓葡萄汁發酵，直到所有的糖分都轉化為酒精。
a fierce attack/battle	猛烈的進攻／激烈的戰鬥
The watch mechanism is extremely intricate and very difficult to repair.	手錶的機械結構非常複雜精密，很難修理。
It can be dangerous to let too much soot accumulate inside a chimney.	煙囪裡堆積過多的煤灰是很危險的。
At closing time he reeled out of the bar and fell down on the pavement.	酒吧關門時，他踉踉蹌蹌走了出來，一跤摔在人行道上。
Mundane matters such as paying bills and shopping for food do not interest her.	她對付帳單、購買食物等瑣事不感興趣。
Her face emanated sadness.	她臉上露出傷心的表情。
no example found
lavish gifts/promises/praise	奢華的禮物／慷慨的允諾／毫不吝惜的讚揚
The soccer fans indulged their patriotism, waving flags and singing songs.	足球迷搖著旗唱著歌，縱情抒發他們的愛國熱情。
