Put your foot into cold water to help the swelling go down.	把腳放到涼水裡泡一下，有助消腫。
Is it more democratic to hold a referendum, rather than let the government alone decide?	進行一次全民公決，而不是由政府自己作出決定，是不是要更民主些？
The fund was increased by the accretion of new shareholders.	由於新股東的逐漸加入，資金增加了。
Building at the site was halted after human remains were unearthed earlier this month.	自從本月初在工地挖出人類遺骸之後，施工就停止了。
In the distance, we could see a herd of elephants lumbering across the plain.	我們可以看見遠處有一群大象緩緩穿過平原。
to convulse with pain	痛苦地抽搐
The world premiere of the opera will be at the Metropolitan Opera House in New York.	這部歌劇的世界首演將在紐約的大都會歌劇院舉行。
Babies like to gnaw hard objects when they're teething.	嬰兒在長牙時喜歡啃咬硬物。
We had splendid food/a splendid holiday/splendid weather.	我們的食物／我們的假期／我們碰到的天氣簡直太棒了。
The merger proved to be very lucrative for both companies.	事實證明，這次兼併使兩間公司都獲利豐厚。
Allow the meat to thaw completely before cooking it.	烹製這些肉之前要先徹底解凍。
luminous clothing	夜光服
I am sure that common sense will prevail in the end.	我相信常識最終會獲勝。
The Princess Royal is a well-known patron of several charities.	眾所周知，長公主是好幾家慈善機構的贊助人。
a beautiful tenth-century mosaic	一幅美麗的10世紀鑲嵌畫
She sat back for a minute to ponder her next move in the game.	她在椅背上靠了一會兒，思考下一步棋該怎麼走。
As the boat picked up speed, the coastline receded into the distance until finally it became invisible.	船越開越快，海岸線漸漸遠去，直至最後從視線中消失。
He took a tortuous route through back streets.	他選擇穿過偏僻的街道，走了一條彎彎曲曲的路線。
no example found
The company hoped to profit from the burgeoning communications industry.	公司希望能從迅速發展的通訊業中獲利。
The prime minister, he said, had the party's unequivocal support.	他說首相得到了全黨堅定不移的支援。
He was a feeble, helpless old man.	他是一個虛弱無助的老人。
Thousands of people were slaughtered in the civil war.	成千上萬的人在內戰中慘遭屠殺。
The town finally succumbed last week after being pounded with heavy artillery for more than two months.	在遭受了兩個多月的猛烈炮火轟擊後，小鎮最終在上星期放棄抵抗。
members of the aristocracy	貴族階級成員
High tides have swamped the coast.	高漲的潮水淹沒了海岸。
Shall we hail a taxi?	我們要叫計程車嗎？
[ + (that) ] The two men allege (that) the police forced them to make false confessions.	這兩名男子聲稱警方逼迫他們作假口供。
The army recaptured the town from the rebels.	軍隊從叛亂分子手中收復了這座城鎮。
One of the aims of ethnography is to contribute to an understanding of the human race.	編寫人種誌的目的之一是促進對人類的了解。
