a bitter/long-running dispute	激烈／長期的爭執
The agreement was reached after a series of difficult negotiations.	該協議是經歷了一系列艱難的談判之後達成的。
no example found
He said that Allende's government in Chile was overthrown by the army and the CIA in 1973.	他說智利的阿連德政府是被軍隊和中央情報局於1973年推翻的。
no example found
a gnarled tree trunk	粗糙的樹幹
Will you mow the lawn at the weekend?	週末你修剪一下草坪好嗎？
He graciously acceded to our request.	他通情達理地同意了我們的請求。
It is part of a teacher's job to instil confidence in/into his or her students.	教師的部分職責是逐漸培養學生的信心。
The soldiers resisted (the enemy attacks) for two days.	（面對敵人的進攻）士兵們抵抗了兩天。
[ + to infinitive ] He felt that his colleagues were conspiring together to remove him from his job.	他覺得同事們在密謀把他從工作崗位上擠走。
I'm sure he says these things deliberately to annoy me.	我敢肯定他是故意說這些來氣我的。
no example found
The jury returned a unanimous verdict of guilty after a short deliberation.	陪審團經過短時間商討後一致裁決有罪。
[ + obj + noun/adj ] The area has now been deemed safe.	該地區現在被認為很安全。
a prestigious literary award	頗具聲望的文學獎
The tour operator will arrange transport and plan your itinerary.	旅行社工作人員將負責安排交通和行程計劃。
a defense attorney	辯護律師
no example found
volcanic ash/activity/rock	火山灰/火山活動/火山岩
There was a violent eruption of anti-government feeling.	反政府情緒爆發。
Debris from the aircraft was scattered over a large area.	飛機殘駭散落在一片很大的區域。
This century has witnessed environmental destruction on an unprecedented scale.	環境在本世紀遭到了空前的破壞。
The road undulates for five miles before a steep climb.	這條路高低起伏了五英里，然後是一個陡峭的爬坡。
The figures are imprecise because they're based on a prediction of next year's sales.	這些數字並不精確，因為它們是以對明年銷售額的預測為基礎的。
Antibodies from the mother's milk line the baby's intestines and prevent infection.	來自母乳的抗體遍佈在嬰兒的腸道中，能防止感染。
The shooting of the police officer has received universal condemnation.	槍殺員警事件受到了大衆的一致譴責。
no example found
This work is woefully (= extremely) inadequate - you'll have to do it again.	這工作做得非常糟糕——你必須重做。
Britain's exploitation of its natural gas reserves began after the Second World War.	英國對其天然氣資源的開發利用始於二戰後。
He is currently on/taking medication for his heart.	目前他正在服用治療心臟病的藥物。
The company has disclosed profits of over £200 million.	這家公司已公佈其利潤超過兩億英鎊。
The only illumination was from a skylight.	唯一的光來自天窗。
a controversial issue/decision/speech/figure	有爭議的問題／決議／講話／數字
Her death made him more aware of his own mortality.	她的去世讓他更加意識到自己終有一死。
Her son was diagnosed with autism at the age of three.	沒有中文例子
a blood disorder	血液失調
Why is there this phobia about women doing so-called men's jobs?	沒有中文例子
[ + to infinitive ] She's inherited from her father a propensity to talk too much.	她從她父親那裡遺傳了話多的毛病。
a prestigious literary award	頗具聲望的文學獎
The church was destroyed in the bombing but the altar survived intact.	教堂在轟炸中被毀，但神壇卻完好無損。
women's/female emancipation	婦女／女性解放
a flu epidemic	流感的傳播
The influence of Freud is pervasive in her books.	佛洛伊德的影響在她的作品中隨處可見。
With the extra resources, the project now seems feasible.	有了額外的資源，這個計劃現在看來是可行的。
The planet Venus is enshrouded in thick clouds.	金星籠罩在厚厚的雲層中。
