The paintings are a development of ideas she explored in the preceding decade.	這些畫是她過去十年以來探索思想的成果。
Surprise remains the terrorists' most potent weapon.	突襲仍是恐怖分子最強有力的武器。
a plausible explanation/excuse	貌似有理的解釋／藉口
The prospect of increased prices has already provoked an outcry.	物價上漲的預測已經引發了強烈抗議。
a rocket propelled through space	在推力作用下穿越外太空的火箭
A rotting branch protruded from the swamp like a ghostly arm.	一根腐爛的樹枝像鬼的手臂一樣從沼澤裡伸出來。
Hotel prices in the major cities are high but not prohibitive.	大城市裡的旅館費用昂貴，但還能負擔得起。
Prolonged use of the drug is known to have harmful side-effects.	據了解，長期服用此藥會產生對人體有害的副作用。
These diseases are more prevalent among young children.	這些疾病在幼兒中更普遍。
[ + (that) ] I presume (that) they're not coming, since they haven't replied to the invitation.	鑒於他們沒有回覆邀請，我認為他們不會來了。
We wish to remove any ambiguity concerning our demands.	對於我們的要求，我們不希望有任何含糊其詞的地方。
an inquisitive child	好奇愛問的小孩
ten ruinous years of war	災難性的十年
malicious gossip	用意歹毒的流言蜚語
athletic/sporting prowess	高超的運動／體育技能
Melanin is the dark brown pigment of the hair, skin, and eyes that is present in varying amounts in every human being.	黑色素是頭髮、皮膚和眼睛中的黑褐色色素，每個人體內或多或少都有這種色素。
She reluctantly agreed to step down as managing director.	她勉強同意辭去總經理的職務。
Her sophistication is evident from the way she dresses.	從衣著打扮明顯可以看出她精明老練。
[ + obj + adj ] Scrape your boots clean before you come in.	進來前先把靴子擦乾淨。
scented candles	香味蠟燭
His mother's death when he was aged six had a very profound effect on him.	他六歲時母親的過世對他的影響很大。
Her knowledge is still only rudimentary.	她仍然只是粗通皮毛。
I think I managed to grasp the main points of the lecture.	我覺得我理解到演講的要點。
His appendix ruptured and he had to be rushed to hospital.	他突然闌尾穿孔，不得不被緊急送進醫院。
Have you considered all the ramifications of your suggestion?	你考慮過你的建議可能帶來的各種後果嗎？
The scanner checks travel documents for residual traces of explosives.
You can regulate the temperature in the house by adjusting the thermostat.	你可以透過調節恆溫器來控制室溫。
We took a roundabout route to avoid the accident.	為了避開那起事故的事發現場，我們繞道而行。
She has nothing but scorn for the new generation of politicians.	她對新一代的政客只有鄙視。
a problem of gargantuan proportions	非常嚴重的問題
Her interests are in the realm of practical politics.	她的興趣在於實用政治。
The theme of freedom recurs throughout her writing.	自由這一主題在她的寫作中反復出現。
